Preheat oven to 475 degrees.
Mix flour and pepper.
Stir into softened butter, then stir in mustard, making a paste.
Spread paste on top and sides of roast.
Bake at 475 degrees for 20 minutes.
Reduce heat to 325 and cover roast loosely with foil.
Continue cooking about 1 hour and 10 minutes, until meat thermometer registers 160 degrees.



Mix together all ingredients until well combined.
Rub liberally on ribs and let marinate at room temperature for one hour or use right away.
Sear ribs on medium high heat.
This is my first step in preparing ribs.
I then pressure cook them in BBQ sauce and finally grill or broil them in same sauce.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix all the dry ingredients together.
Pour melted butter and gently stir together with a fork.
Add buttermilk and stir just until mixed.
Working with half the dough at a time, roll out dough on a slightly floured surface until is somewhere between 1/4 and 1/2 inch thick.
I cut mine with a 2 1/2-inch round cutter, but you can use a glass.
You can make 2 big rounds and score them into wedges or you can make them into a rectangle and score them into smaller piecesits up to you.
Bake in preheated oven until the tops just get a tinge of brown, about 12 to 15 minutes.
Eat it on its own or pair it with some sharp white cheddar.
Also great with salmon and mascarpone cheese.
Eat it for breakfast, snack or whatever fits your fancy!



mix all ingredients and put in fridge for a day before serving vey cold.



Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Toss seeds in a bowl with the melted butter and salt.
Spread the seeds in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake for about 45 minutes or until golden brown; stir occasionally.



Blend watermelon and ice cream in a blender until smooth.
Pour into 2 (20-ounce) glasses.



Melt your milk chocolate on low heat, stirring until completely smooth.
Stir in the peanuts, pretzels and raisins.
Line a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Pour the melted chocolate over the foil and spread it out into a rectangle.
Pop in the fridge for 1 hour to firm up.
Melt the bittersweet chocolate in another saucepan over low heat, stirring until completely smooth.
Take the bark out of the fridge and pour the melted chocolate over the top.
Use a spatula to smooth it out.
Put back into the fridge for a couple more hours, you want it to get completely firm.
Cut the bark in 1/2 by 3-inch pieces.



Dissolve drink mix in water in punch bowl or pitcher.
Refrigerate.
Just before serving, stir in ginger ale.
Serve in punch cups and top each serving with small scoop of sherbet.



Work cream cheese, butter and flour together to create dough.
No liquid is necessary.
Refrigerateseveral hrs or possibly overnight.
Roll dough thin, cut into circles about 2 1/2 inch in diameter.
Put a spoonful of filling in circles-fold into semi-circle crimping the edges.
With tines of fork prick to let steam escape.
Bake at 425 for 10 or possibly 15 min.
Filling: Heat butter, blend in flour.
Drain the mushrooms.
Dissolve bouillon in 1 c. boiling water.
Add in mushroom liquid to make 1 1/2 c. of liquid.
Add in to butter and flour; blend.
Chop mushrooms and livers.
Add in the sauce and the other ingredients.
Makes 2 dozen.
Can be frzn baked or possibly unbaked.
Serve warm.
Add in minced olives to filling.



Scatter the brownies into serving bowl.
Put the chocolate and half the cream in a fireproof bowl and place over a pan of simmering water stirring occasionally until melted.
Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
Whip the remaining cream into soft peaks and fold into the chocolate mixture a little at a time.
Pour the mousse over the brownies.
Ready to eat now or can be put into fridge to firm up fo up to 2 hours.
Can be topped with grated white chocolate or add cherries and a dash of Kirsch for a black forrest taste.



Using butter, generously grease a sheet pan (preferably one with sides), at least 11 x 17 inches (or use a SILPAT).
Mix together cinnamon and baking soda; set aside.
In a medium-size heavy saucepan, combine the water, sugar, cream of tartar and corn syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat.
Using a candy thermometer to test it, boil the mixture until it reaches 350F
Remove from the heat and, working quickly, whisk in the cinnamon and baking soda mixture, butter and cashews.
Pour the mixture onto the oiled pan and spread it out a bit with buttered metal spoon or a wooden spoon to about 1/4- to 1/2-inch thickness.
Don't spread it too thin.
Let cool and harden, uncovered, 3045 minutes.
Using your hands, break the brittle into pieces.
Store in an airtight container.
Tip: To wash the saucepan, fill it with water and let it soak overnight.



Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325F Grease 2 cookie sheets.
In a medium saucepan, stir together the brown sugar, corn syrup and butter over medium heat until smooth and bubbling, about 4 minutes.
Remove from the heat.
In a bowl, whisk together the oats, flour and salt.
Stir into the pot, then stir in the cranberries and pistachios.
Drop rounded teaspoons of the mixture about 3 inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets.
Bake until bubbly and a shade darker, 9 to 10 minutes.
Let cool for 1 minute before quickly transferring each cookie to a rack using a thin metal spatula.
Let cool completely.
TIP : having a hard time removing your cookies?
Pop the pan back in the oven for a minute to soften them.



Preheat the oven to 350F Line a muffin pan with paper or foil liners.
In a large bowl, combine the flours, sugar, baking soda and cinnamon.
Whisk to blend evenly.
In a separate bowl, add the egg substitute, oil, applesauce and vanilla.
Stir in the apples, raisins and carrots.
Add to the flour mixture and blend just until moistened but still slightly lumpy.
Spoon the batter into muffin cups, filling each cup about 2/3 full.
Sprinkle with chopped pecans and bake until springy to the touch, about 35 minutes.
Let cool for 5 minutes, then transfer the muffins to a wire rack and let cool completely.



Combine all ingredients in blender.



1.
Mix the cantaloupe and peaches in a heavy pot and bring to a boil---a nice, steady boil, not too high, and stir frequently.
2.
Add the sugar and lemon juice and cook until the conserve is thick.
3.Add the nutmeg, salt, orange peel and almonds and continue to cook for three minutes longer.
4.
Pour into hot jars and seal.
5.
Process in a water-bath canner for ten minutes.



Stir 1 cup sugar into the hot water in a large bowl until the sugar is completely dissolved.
Soak the pecans in the water for 1 hour; drain.
Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Line two 9x13 inch baking dishes with parchment paper.
Sift the 2/3 cup sugar, chili powder, and cayenne pepper together in a separate large bowl; add the pecans and toss to coat evenly.
Spread the coated pecans in a single layer into the prepared dishes.
Bake in the preheated oven until the coating on the pecans are bubbly, stirring once, 10 to 15 minutes.
Remove the pecans from the pans immediately and spread onto a counter or other flat surface covered with parchment paper to cool.



Combine and refrigerate in tightly sealed container.



Preheat the oven to moderate 180C Line a shallow 28 x 18cm tin with aluminium foil; brush with oil or melted butter.
Sift flour and sugar into a large mixing bowl.
Add oats and coconut; make a well in the centre.
Combine butter and golden syrup in a small pan.
Stir over low heat until butter has melted and mixture is smooth; remove from heat.
Dissolve soda in water; add immediately to butter mixture and stir until foamy.
Add to dry ingredients and stir until well combined.
Spread mixture into prepared tin, pressing firmly with the back of a spoon to smooth surface.
Bake for 25-30 minutes, until golden brown.
Cool in tin then, using foil, lift out and cut into squares.
Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days.



Using a food processor, blend the soaked oat groats in a food processor until the batter comes together.
Put into a large bowl.
In the food processor pulse the almonds (or hazelnuts) until you have a course chop.
Remove and add to the oat groats.
Add the goji berries, cacao nibs and your sweetner.
Keep in mind the sweetner will affect the taste, but it probably will be good no matter which one you use.
Also the liquid sweetener will make this very very sticky.
If you want to cut back on the sweetener that wouldn't hurt.
Mix all the ingredients in the bowl well.
Grind the cashews to a fine powder.
Be careful not to let them grind too long, you don't want cashew butter.
Put the cashews in a flat bowl and spread it out evenly on the bottom.
Using a tablespoon measure scoop out some of the oat mixture and put it in the cashew powder and roll to coat.
When done all the little balls, put them into the dehydrator to dry.
Use the plastic mesh sheets for these, not the slippery teflex ones.
Drying can take up to 12 hours at 110'F, depending on how thick your cookies are.
Pat each ball down to the desired thickness.
Also how dry it is in your house can affect the drying time, so check them now and again during the first 6 hours.
At about 6 hours flip the cookies and dry another 6 hrs if necessary.
These look so pretty with the bright goji berries and the dark cacao nibs.
Its very festive!
You could also add some dried cranberries/blueberries or whatever you have in the pantry.
Bon Appetit!



On stovetop melt the butter, add the brown sugar and boil over low heat for two minutes, stirring constantly.
Add the milk, stir until the mixture comes to a boil again.
Remove from heat and allow to cool to about room temperature.
Slowly beat in the confectioners sugar, using more or less sugar depending on the consistency desired.
Beat until mixture is thick enough to spread.



Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
Grease an 8" x 8" baking dish or spray with cooking spray.
Combine the oats, whole wheat flour, brown sugar, almonds, cinnamon and salt in a bowl and mix well.
With a fork, work in the margarine until the dry ingredients are moistened.
Set aside.
In the prepared baking dish, combine the pears and cranberries.
Toss with the second quantity of brown sugar and the all-purpose flour to coat the fruit evenly.
Sprinkle the oatmeal mixture evenly over the fruit.
Bake for about 40 minutes or until the fruit is soft and the topping is golden brown.



Place your tri-tip in a Ziploc bag.
Add the three ingredients to the bag, no need to pre-mix or stir them.
Seal the bag, eliminating as much air as possible, and massage the bag for about 1 minute to blend the ingredients.
Marinate for about 1 hour on the counter.
I dont recommend marinating this overnight or for long periods because the soy/sodium will cause the meat to become too salty.
Makes enough to marinate one tri-tip loin.



Melt the three butters over very low heat.
As soon as you are able to blend the ingredients, remove from heat and mix thoroughly.
Add the rest of the ingredients.
Mix well.
This should at least double in bulk.
Add in any dried fruit, nuts, and seeds that you like.
You can add in chocolate or leave out the cocoa.
Use any nut butter.
I hugely prefer coconut butter over coconut oil because the texture is too oily for me, but some folk prefer it with coconut oil.
Scoop into anything you can remove these from.
These won't come out of metal easily.
I use silicone muffin tins or drop it onto waxed paper on cookie sheets.
The muffin tins are the easiest.
I use about 2 T per drop (I have a 2 T coffee scoop).
Refrigerate until solid.
You can then drizzle melted chocolate over them if you like.
Store in the fridge.



Place the ricotta in a small strainer set over a bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes to drain the excess liquid.
Transfer the drained ricotta to a food processor or blender, add the brown sugar and orange liqueur, and process until smooth.
(The ricotta mixture can be made up to 8 hours in advance, covered and kept refrigerated.)
Divide the strawberries among 4 dessert bowls and top each with a 1/4 cup of the ricotta mixture and sprinkle with the pistachios.



Preheat oven to 350F.
Toss apples with 1/2 cup of the sugar until evenly coated; spoon evenly into greased 9-inch square baking pan.
Combine flour and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in medium bowl.
Cut in butter with pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Stir in pecans.
Sprinkle over apple mixture.
Bake 1 hour or until apples are tender and topping is lightly browned.



MIX water, barbecue sauce, peanut butter, soy sauce, cilantro and mustard in medium bowl with wire whisk.
Refrigerate half of the mixture to use as a dipping sauce.
Pour remaining mixture into large resealable plastic bag.
Add chicken; seal bag.
Shake gently to coat chicken.
Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours to marinate.
PREHEAT grill to medium-high heat.
Thread chicken onto 12 skewers in ribbon fashion; discard any remaining marinade in bag.
GRILL 5 to 7 minute or until chicken is cooked through.
Serve with the reserved dipping sauce.



In a blender, combine ice cream, drink mix powder and milk.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.



Heat oil in a Dutch oven or heavy pot until it reaches 350 F. While the oil is heating up, in a bowl combine flour, baking powder, salt and cayenne.
Whisk it together until all ingredients are thoroughly mixed.
Add in your bottle of cold beer and mix until there are no lumps and you have a smooth batter.
Park that bowl in the fridge while you cut up your fish.
Cut your fish into 1 1/2 strips.
Add the cornstarch into a flat dish (pie plate works awesome).
Grab the batter from the fridge and set up a little assembly line...cornstarch, batter, and fish.
Dip your fish in the cornstarch and shake off all excess.
Next dip it into the beer batter to fully coat.
Then carefully place the fish into the 350 F oil.
Try not to drop it in quickly, otherwise it might sink.
Work in small batches and fry 2-3 fish strips at a time so as to not bring down oil temperature.
Remove the cooked fish from the oil using a kitchen spider and place on some paper towels while you finish frying the rest.
Recipe adapted from Alton Brown and Food Network.



In a jar with a tight-fitting lid, combine all ingredients.
Cover and shake well, then refrigerate (will keep for 1 week).



In a small saucepan, combine plum preserves, vinegar, soy sauce, garlic powder, ground ginger, and a dash of ground red pepper.
Bring mixture to boiling, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat; cool.
Refrigerate in covered container overnight to blend seasonings.



Mix well and serve.



Combine syrup and peanut butter in sauce pan.
Heat, stirring until smooth and heated through.
Serve over pancakes, waffles, toast, rice, etc.
Try this in hot chocolate too!
Enjoy!



In a small bowl, combine the berries.
Add orange juice and zest.
Toss gently to mix.
Spoon berries into 2 glass dishes.
Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled.



(Note: I proof my yeast by mixing 1 cup of the water [tepid only, ~ 80 degrees F], the sugar or honey, and the yeast in a bowl & setting aside to proof while getting the flour, etc., measured out.
).
In a large bowl, stir 3 1/2 C flour, salt, and butter until well mixed.
Add warm water (and proofed yeast).
Beat on low speed 1 minute, scraping bowl frequently.
(may switch to dough hook about this time, OR just use the dough hook from the beginning.)
Beat on medium speed 1 minute, scraping bowl frequently.
Stir in remaining flour, 1 C at a time, to make dough easy to handle.
Knead 10 minutes with dough hook on mixer or by turning out on lightly floured surface & kneading by hand.
Dough should be smooth & springy.
Grease a large bowl, place dough in & turn so all sides are greased.
Cover, loosely, with a damp towel and let rise in warm place until doubled in size.
Grease bottoms & sides of two loaf pans.
When dough has doubled in size, gently push fist in to deflate.
Divide dough in half.
On a lightly floured surface, flatten each half, with hands or rolling pin, into a 9 x 18 inch rectangle.
Roll dough tightly, beginning at 9 inch side.
Pinch edge of roll to seal, and then ends to seal.
Cover loosely and let rise in a warm place 35 - 50 minutes, or until dough has doubled in size.
Place oven racks in low position so tops of pans will be in the center of the oven.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F.
Bake 25 - 30 minutes.
(Bread is done at 200* F. I check with a probe thermometer).
Remove from pans to wire rack & brush tops with the last 2 T of butter.
Cool before slicing.



Trim chicken breasts of any excess fat and cut into bite size pieces.
Mix rub ingredients and season chicken pieces well.
Cover and refrigerate for 1 or 2 hours (or longer).
Cut bacon slices in half and wrap chicken pieces.
Secure with bbq skewers.
If using wooden or bamboo skewers soak in water for at least 1 hour prior to use.
Set up your grill for Direct Heat.
Make a grill shield from heavy-duty aluminum foil.
Fold in half long way and crimp the edges.
Grill chicken breast directly over heat for about 3 to 5 minutes on the first side.
Rotate on grill as needed to avoid hot spots.
Flip over and continue cooking until the juices run clear and the bacon is crispy.
Remove from the grill and cool 2 or 3 minutes before serving.



Blend cream cheese, milk, lemon juice, sugar and salt in blender till smooth.
Transfer to bowl, then stir in cream.
Freeze cream cheese mix in ice cream maker, transfter to airtight container and put in freezer to harden, at least 2 hours.
Let ice cream soften 5 min before serving.



Preheat oven to 375F.
Spray 8-inch round baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.
In large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking soda and salt.
In small bowl, combine buttermilk, apple sauce and margarine.
Add apple sauce mixture to flour mixture; stir until mixture forms a ball.
Turn out dough onto well-floured surface; knead raisins into dough.
Pat into 7-inch round.
Place dough in prepared pan.
Cut cross in top of dough, 1/4 inch deep, with tip of sharp knife.
Brush top of dough with milk.
Bake 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Cool in pan 10 minutes.
Invert onto wire rack; turn right side up.
Cool completely.
Cut into 16 wedges.



Preheat oven to 375 F.
1.
Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt together in a large mixing bowl.
2.
Add the butter into the bowl.
Using your hands, or a pastry cutter, carefully work the butter into the dry ingredients until it resembles peas.
3.
Create a well in the middle of the mixture.
While slowly swirling your hand in the dry ingredients, slowly stream in the milk.
The batter should be very wet and sticky.
4.
Once the dough comes together, gently fold the blueberries into the dough.
Note: I used frozen blueberries, but you may use fresh if you have them on hand.
5.
Dust a rolling mat with flour.
You will want to be generous here so the dough does not stick.
Place the dough in the middle of the flour and carefully coat dough with flour, pressing lightly.
Knead the dough lightly, 3-4 times.
Shape into a flattened round, approximately 1/2 thick.
6.
Using a well-floured biscuit cutter, cut the biscuits and place them on a liberally greased baking sheet.
Fold together any scrap pieces and shape it back into a 1/2 thick round.
Use the biscuit cutter and cut again.
Repeat to get as many biscuits from the dough as possible.
Note: In the South, it is traditional to even use the final scraps to make a small biscuit.
We do not let any of the glorious dough go to waste!
7.
Bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes.
8.
Remove from the oven and allow biscuits to sit while you make the glaze.
9.
For the glaze, combine the powdered sugar, vanilla, and lemon juice in a small bowl.
Stir until you have a creamy, thick glaze.
10.
Use a fork to drizzle the glaze over the slightly cooled biscuits.
Thoroughly coat each biscuit.
11.
Serve immediately and enjoy!
Recipe yields 7 biscuits.



Start with heating your oven to 350 degrees.
Then take a 12 cup muffin pan and add cupcake liners.
(I spray the insides of the liners with a little cooking spray to avoid sticking).
In a large bowl add all five ingredients listed above,stir together, then fill the muffin cups about 3/4th full.
Bake for about 25 minutes (the center of the cup should be done) then take cups out of the pan and let cool for 5 to 10 minutes.
On the go potato cups are ready to eat.



Cook noodles adding broccoli during last 4 mins of cooking time.
Saute chicken in nonstick skillet til no longer pink in center.
Combine all ingreds in crock pot.
Cover and cook on low 1-2 hours or til heated through and til cheese is melted.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place UNCOOKED broccoli in a 1 1/2 qt casserole.
Mix onion, soup, sour cream and Parmesan cheese.
Spread over broccoli.
Top with bread crumbs.
Bake for 35 minutes or until broccoli is just tender.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium bowl combine peanut butter, sriracha, soy sauce, vinegar, oil, garlic powder, cilantro, and ginger.
Stir in oats, peanuts, and coconut.
Spread onto a cookie sheet and bake for 15 minutes.
Stirring once halfway through cooking.
Let cool completely and store in an airtight container.



In a large bowl place all of the dry ingredients.
Add Orange Juice and oil, mix with a fork
Pat into 9-inch pan with fingertips.
If pre-baked crust is desired bake at 425 for 10 -12 minutes.
Note** Vegan sugar should be used for the best texture.
It taste yummy with cane sugar or table sugar as well.



Mix crumbs and melted butter or margarine until well blended.
Press into an 8 or 9 inch pie plate.
Chill until firm.



Put everything in a blender.
Blend until smooth.
Spread on your face.
Keep it on for 15 minutes.
Rinse off with tepid water and pat dry.



1.
Combine 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, and berries in a food processor, and process until smooth.
Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve over a bowl, pressing to extract juices, and discard solids.2.
Place the remaining 1 tablespoon juice and peach in a food processor; process until smooth.
Place cream in a large bowl; beat with a mixer at high speed until soft peaks form.
Gradually add remaining sugar, beating until stiff peaks form.
Stir one quarter of whipped cream into peach mixture.
Gently fold remaining cream into peach mixture; chill.
Divide half of the blueberry mixture evenly among 10 (4-ounce) ice-pop molds.
Top with lid.
Freeze 25 minutes or until set.
Uncover and top each serving with peach mixture; top with lid.
Insert craft sticks into center of each mold; freeze for 25 minutes or until set.
Uncover and top each serving with remaining blueberry mixture.
Freeze for 4 hours or until thoroughly frozen.



Spoon cottage cheese into small bowl.
Top with remaining ingredients.



Melt butter & golden syrup together over a low heat.
Combine oats, oatbran, flour & sugar in a mixing bowl, stir in butter mixture & milk and mix to form a soft dough.
Knead lightly on a floured surface then roll out dough to 3mm thickness.
Cut out biscuits using a 6cm round cutter.
Place on a non-stick or baking paper lined tray and prick well with a fork.
Bake at 180.C for 10-15 minutes.
If desired, spread cooled biscuits with your favourite icing & sandwich together.



In a large saucepan, melt butter and chocolate chips over medium heat.
Stir until blended and add brown sugar, corn syrup and salt.
Boil 5 minutes.
Add evaporated milk, pecans, and vanilla extract.
Stir and boil 1 minute longer.
Cool a little and serve warm on top of ice cream or a brownie sundae!



Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Sift all dry ingredients in a large bowl.
Cut in butter.
Before you add the berries - mix in the buttermilk.
Add berries.
Knead to form dough.
Form dough into 3-4 inch balls.
Place on lightly greased cookie sheet and flatten slightly.
Bake 15 - 20 minutes.
Remove to rakes to cool.
Best served warm.



Finely grind coriander seeds, cumin seeds, caraway seeds, and crushed red pepper flakes in a spice mill.
DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead.
Store airtight at room temperature.



Cook the wild rice in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile: preheat the oven to 400F .
Toss the squash with the olive oil on a heavy large baking sheet.
Sprinkle the squash with salt and roast until the squash is just beginning to brown, about 10 minutes.
Stir the squash.
Scatter the shallots over the squash and cook until shallots and squash are browned and tender, about 15 minutes longer.
Transfer the squash mixture to a large serving bowl and keep warm.
Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat.
Add the brown rice and saute until heated through, about 4 minutes.
Transfer the rice to the bowl with the squash mixture.
Drain the wild rice and add to the bowl along with the almonds, currants .



Put the raspberries and sugar in a pan and heat gently, until the berries are soft and release their juices and the sugar has dissolved.
Transfer the mixture to a glass bowl or jar and pour in the gin.
Stir, then cover with plastic wrap and seal tightly.
Stir daily for 4-5 days, then strain into a clean bottle, seal and store in a dark pantry or the freezer.
Taste after about 8 weeks, adding more sugar if necessary.
The gin is ready to drink after about 3 months, but is best left for 1 year.



Mix all ingredients in large bowl.
Store in tightly covered container.



Combine all ingredients in a bowl except water.
Mix well as you would in making a meat loaf.
Pour water into pan and add meat.
Stir occasionally breaking up any large chunks.
Cook for about 5-10 minutes or until done.



In a small saucepan, combine quinoa and 1 cup of water.
Bring to boil, reduce heat.
Cover and let simmer for 15 minutes or until water is absorbed.
Remove from heat and set aside.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl combine edamame, corn, tomatoes and cilantro.
Add quinoa, toss to combine.
Add lime juice and olive oil, toss to coat.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.



1.
Heat oil in the paella pan over medium heat.
Add onion, capsicum, tomato, garlic, chicken and calamari.
Add rice and stir for 1 minute.
Stir in stock, saffron and paprika.
2.
When the stock is boiling and rice grains begin to swell, add crab and prawns.
Cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes until the stock has reduced and the rice has begun to swell.
Push the mussels and pippies into the rice and cook until the shells open.
Finally add the peas, strips of capsicum and parsley and leave it for five more minutes on low heat.
Note: - Grind the saffron thread with some salt in a mortar and pestle until it is like a fine powder.
It will help to distribute it through the paella evenly giving a better colour and flavour to the finished dish.
- The perfect time to add the seafood to paella is when enough of the stock has been absorbed to allow the rice to be seen.
- Do not stir the paella during main cooking.



Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat.
Add olive oil to pan; swirl to coat.
Sprinkle freshly ground black pepper and salt over shrimp.
Add shrimp to pan; cook 2 minutes on each side or until shrimp are done.



Preheat oven to 250C / 480F.
Sift flour into a bowl, make a well in the centre, and stir in cream and lemonade.
Stir with a round-bladed knife until ingredients come together to form a soft dough.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly until smooth.
Roll out dough to 2cm thickness, cut into rounds using a 5cm cutter.
Place onto a light greased tray and bake for 15-20 minutes until golden.
Serve warm with jam and cream.



Dissolve instant beverage in hot water in small pitcher.
Add milk, chocolate syrup and ice; stir until well blended.
Pour over additional crushed ice in 2 tall glasses, if desired.



1.
Using the insides of the red onion, finely dice, 1/4 pound Place the bacon grease in a saucepanover medium-high heat.
Add in the onions and saute/fry till the onions start to blacken.
While the onions are carmelizing, in a mixing bowl place the water, honey and red wine vinegar.
Using a wire whisk, mix the ingredi- ents well.
Add in the cornstarch and whisk well.
After the onions have carmelized, add in the Dijon mustard to the onions and stir to- gether with a rubber spatula.
Add in the water, vinegar, pepper (sic.)
honey and cornstarch to the mustard and onions and mix.
9.
Continue stirring till mix thickens and comes to a boil.
10.Re- move from heat and store in refigerator till needed.
MAKES 1 Quart.
Note: To reheat use a double boiler.
I put the tabasco on the in- gredient list if desired it.
In differnt parts of thecountry Bennigan's omits this ingredient.



In the evening, mix all ingredients except flour, baking powder and salt, combine thoroughly and let stand overnight.
In the morning, there will be a lot of liquid.
Mix in flour, baking powder and salt, mix very well and pour into greased and floured loaf pan.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and bake the bread for one hour.
As there a re so many apples in it, the wooden toothpick trick will not work, the bread is way too moist.
So you have to watch and eyeball a bit after one hour whether it really is done or not.
I've never baked it longer than one hour, though, and it always turned out done.
Remove pan from oven and cut around the rim of the pan to prevent bread from sticking.
Let cool in the pan, then carefully remove it.
If using non stick baking paper to line the pan, you can also carefully lift the bread out of the pan immediately and eat it warm, which is delicious with some vanilla ice cream :).



In a blender, combine all ingredients and mix until smooth.
Top with extra cookie crumbs if desired.



The night before, combine the Great Northern Beans and water in a large saucepan.
Bring to a boil, and cook for 1 1/2 hours.
Pour beans and their liquid into a bowl, cover and refrigerate overnight.
In the morning, drain off liquid, reserving 1 cup.
Pour beans and the reserved liquid into the crock of a slow cooker.
Stir in the salt pork, onion, molasses, brown sugar, mustard and pepper.
Cover, and cook on Low for 12 to 14 hours.
Stir before serving.



Berries: Rinse, stem and halve large strawberries.
Peel the stone fruits, halve, pit, and chop larger specimens into 1/2-inch pieces.
Puree the fruit in a food processor along with the sugar, lemon juice, vodka and salt.
Pour into another vessel and refrigerate until the mixture reaches at least 40 degrees F, 4 to 6 hours.
Churn in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturer's instructions until the mixture resembles soft serve ice cream.
Freeze for at least 4 hours in an airtight container or until ready to serve



Preheat oven to 350.
Generously grease BOTTOM ONLY of 8" square pan.
(or 11 x 7).
In a large saucepan, combine butter and applesauce, heating over medium til butter melts Remove from heat and blend in all remaining ingredients, stirring until well combined Pour batter into pan, spreading to edges.
Bake@ 350 30-35 minutes until top springs back when touched.
Serve warm or cool, plain or with whipped cream.



Put strawberries in a blender and mix until berries are cut into small pieces.
Mix yogurt and berries together in a large bowl.
Equally divide yogurt mixture in 6 paper cups.
Place a popsicle stick in the middle of the yogurt.
Put in the freezer and freeze overnight.
Before eating, remove paper cup.



In a medium saucepan, melt butter.
Add scallions and herbs and cook, stirring, for 1 minutes.
Add rice, stir to coat grains and then add broth.
Bring to a boil over high heat, cover, remove from heat and let stand until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender, 5 minutes.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Fluff with a fork before serving.



Rinse quinoa according to package directions.
Combine quinoa, water, and salt in a saucepan over medium-high heat.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, covered, 20 minutes.
Transfer to a large bowl.
Combine quinoa and remaining ingredients.



1.
Heat your oven to 350 Degrees.
2.
Combine dry and wet ingredients
3.
Mix until moist and fully combined (Sometimes the butter is hard to mix in so make sure it's mixed in fully before baking).
4.
Use a non stick cooking spray or line your pan with baking cups.
5.
Fill each cup to about 3/4 full.
6.
Put in oven for about 40 minutes (I know it might seem like a long time, but time varies for different ovens and mine is older so it took a little longer).
7.
When muffins have cooked fully or have gotten a nice golden brown top, pull from the oven an let it sit on a cool surface for 5-10 minutes.
8.
Enjoy!
A good tip is to top the muffins with a little sugar (regular or brown in the later stages of baking to add a nice crust) These also taste good with a little cream cheese.
Note: Don't be surprised if these don't rise too high.



Mix all ingredients until creamy and refrigerate until chilled.
This is also good on hamburgers, like a Big Mac.



1.
Preheat the oven to 425F.
Sift the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt into a mixing bowl.
Using a fork or a pastry cutter, cut the butter into the flour until it resembles cornmeal.
Add the milk, stirring until the dough just comes together to form a ball.
2.
Turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface.
Gently pat the dough down with your hands and fold it over on itself.
Pat the dough down and fold it over once or twice more.
Loosely cover the dough with a clean kitchen towel and let it rest for a half hour or so.
3.
Being careful not to overwork the dough, roll it out until it is 3/4 to 1 inch thick.
Cut dough into biscuits using whatever cutter you like.
Grandmother used an inverted juice glass, which was really an old preserves jar.
For more biscuits, use a smaller glass.
4.
Place the biscuits on a cookie sheet and bake until uniformly golden brown, 1014 minutes.



Cake:
Preheat oven to 350F.
Prepare a 10-cup bundt pan by spraying with cooking oil and lightly dusting with flour.
Cream sugar and butter.
Wisk together cornstarch and water and cream into sugar/butter mixture.
Stir in milk, orange juice and orange zest.
Combine dry ingredients in a separate bowl and slowly add into wet mixture, stirring until thoroughly combined.
Fold cranberries into the batter.
Spoon batter evenly into bundt pan, being careful not to brush off too much of the flour dusting.
Bake for 45 minutes or until a cake tester inserted into cake comes out clean.
Cool on a wire rack for 30 minutes and turn out onto a cake pedistal or plate.
Glaze:.
Place powdered sugar in a small bowl.
Stir in orange juice one tablespoon at a time until preferred glaze texture is obtained.
Spoon evenly over warm cake.
Garnish:.
I sprinkled slivered almonds evenly over the freshly-glazed cake.
I also placed cranberries into the center of the cake and around the base of the cake plate mostly for festive presentation, but found that my family enjoys eating the uncooked cranberries dipped in extra glaze or with bites of cake.



mix all dry ingredients well, cut in butter till resembles small peas, add buttermilk to all is moistened.
turn on on lightly floured surface.
knead gently a few times.
roll out to about 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick.
divide dough into two pieces.
mix sausage with spices.
with offset spatula or kitchen knife spread 1/2 the raw sausage onto each piece of dough leaving the edges clean.
roll each piece of dough into pinwheels.
wrap in wax paper and chill at least 30 minutes.
can be frozen for later use.
slice each roll into 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick slices.
bake 400 degrees F for 20 - 30 minutes.
or until golden brown.



Preheat oven to 350.
Cream together butter and sugar; add applesauce.
Mix in baking soda, salt, nutmeg and cinnamon.
Dredge raisins in flour, then add both flour and raisins to batter.
Bake in a greased 15 x 10-inch jelly roll pan for 20-25 minutes at 350.
Cool thoroughly in pan.
Frost with a powdered sugar glaze.
Cut into bars.



In large bowl, mix flour and sugar.
Add softened butter, and mix to make a crumbly dough.
Form small balls with the dough.
Place on ungreased cookie sheet, and then smoosh the balls down to make a flat cookie shape.
Cook in 400 degree oven until very lightly browned on top.
im not 100% sure how long the browning process will take, so watch them as they cook.
it should take about 20 minutes.
They can be eaten warm, or they can be cooled, whatever you prefer.
Enjoy!



1.
Cut sausage into small pieces.
Heat a table spoon of olive oil in a large wide rimmed skillet and cook sausage stirring for about 6-8 minutes until browned.
Add garbanzo beans, chopped cilantro and breadcrumbs and cook and stir this mixture for 2 minutes.
Add Ragu pasta sauce and scrape up all the brown bits with a wooden spoon.
Cook stirring until all the liquid evaporates, for about 5 minutes.
2.
Mix the filling with toasted pine nuts and grind it up in a food processor.
Salt and pepper to taste.
Set the filling aside to cool.
3.
Dough: combine all the ingredients in one bowl and mix with a wooden spoon until it comes together.
Transfer the dough on a well floured surface and knead it for about 10 minutes until it becomes smooth and elastice.
Brush the dough with oil and put in plastic wrap to rest for about 20 minutes.
4.
Roll out the dough on a well floured board as thin as possible, to about 1/4 of an inch thickness.
With a round shape cutter cut out 5 inch circles.
Put about 1 table spoon of filling in the center of each circle and roll it up like a tortilla, tightly pinching the sides and edges.
5.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking tray with foil paper and spray with cooking spray.
Place rollups on the tray and bake for 20-25 minutes until golden brown.



Preheat oven to 350F.
Blend butter and shredded cheese together.
Add cayenne, Worcestershire sauce and salt and blend inches.
Mix in flour.
Mix in Rice Krispies.
Squeeze mixture together to form a solid ball.
Break off walnut size pieces, form balls, and place on cookie sheet.
Flatten each with a fork and bake for 15 - 20 Minutes until lightly browned.



Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Snap the asparagus at the tender part of the stalk.
Arrange spears in one layer on a baking sheet.
Spray lightly with nonstick spray; sprinkle with the Cajun seasoning.
Bake in the preheated oven until tender, about 10 minutes.



Preheat oven to 350F (180C)., grease cookie sheets with butter flavored shortening.
Cream the shortening, cream cheese and milk with an electric mixer on medium speed until well blended.
Beat in the brown sugar.
Beat in the preserves.
Combine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.
Mix into the creamed mixture.
Stir in the nuts.
Drop 2 level tablespoons of dough into a mound to form each cookie.
Place 2 inches apart on the cookie sheets.
Bake for 14 minutes.
Cool on the cookie sheets for 1 minute; remove to wire racks to cool completely before frosting.
For the frosting, combine the powdered sugar, preserves and shortening in a small bowl.
Beat with an electric mixer until well blended.
Frost the cooled cookies; sprinkle with coconut, if desired.



In small bowl, combine mustard powder, boiling water, oil and honey and stir until smooth and paste-like.
Store in refrigerator in small, tightly lidded jar.



For this "in full bloom cake" all you need is yogurt, gelatin, rice syrup and fruits of your choice, best are different kind of berries.
Mix yogurt + gelatin, add sugar and fruits, transfer to any form you like.
I use the cake form that can be easily open for serving.
Decorate with the edible flowers from your garden... or, friends garden :-) Put for few hours or overnight in the refrigerator.
Done!
...any questions, let me know.



In a skillet, mix all the dry ingredients.
Stir in olive oil, Worchestershire sauce, and pepper sauce.
Cook and stir over a low heat to allow flavors to blend and mellow for about 5 minutes.
Place pecans in a large mixing bowl; add the spice mixture.
Toss well to coat evenly.
Spread pecans on a baking sheet or pan in a single layer.
Bake at 325 for about 15 minutes, shaking pan occasionally.
Cool completely.



Mix all dry ingredients together in a bowl.
Add molasses and stir until combined.
Press mixture firmly into a 9 x 16" cookie sheet.
Bake at 275 degrees for 35 minutes.
Allow to cool
Cut into bars.



Whisk all ingredients together in a medium microwave safe bowl.
Adjust amount of water depending on how thick you want your sauce.
Microwave on high for 30 seconds; stir.
Again, microwave on high for 30 seconds; stir.
For a third time, microwave on high for 30 seconds; stir.
(You can also cook this on the stove in a small saucepan).
Use on your favorite pizza recipe or as a dipping sauce.



Combine carrots, sesame seeds, vinegar, sesame oil, soy sauce, and pepper in a large bowl; toss well to coat.



Combine salt, chili powder, onion powder, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper.
Sprinkle over both sides of chicken tenders.
In large saute pan, melt half of the butter over medium-high heat.
Cook the chicken tenders until done, about 8 minutes.
Pour the cream and remaining butter into the skillet.
Lower heat and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 5-7 minutes.
Serve chicken and sauce over pasta or mashed potatoes, if desired.



Combine all of the ingredients together.



Add 1/4 cup of the chopped craisins to the goat cheese and cream cheese and mix in just until incorporated.
Combine the remaining Craisins and chopped pistachios in a shallow bowl.
If pistachios arent already salted, add a large pinch of salt to the mixture to taste if desired.
Divide cheese Craisin mixture into 16 evenly-sized balls.
Or just dollop a little of the cheese mixture into the chopped pistachio/craisin mixture and roll each ball until well covered.
Transfer to serving plate.
Put a pick into the center of each ball, if desired.
Refrigerate until ready to serve (up to 1 day).



Mix ingredients together in order in the breadmaker.
Set breadmaker for rapid bake setting.
leave it to bake.
eat.



Place all ingredients in bread pan of your bread machine, select Dough setting and start.
When dough has risen long enough, machine will beep.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface.
Gently roll and stretch dough into a 12 inch rope.
With a sharp knife, divide dough into 8 pieces.
Roll each into a smooth ball.
With a rolling pin, roll each ball into a 6 to 7 inch circle.
Set aside on a lightly floured countertop.
cover with a towel.
Let pitas rise about 30 minutes until slightly puffy.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
Place 2 or 3 pitas on a wire cake rack.
Place cake rack directly on oven rack.
Bake pitas 4 to 5 minutes until puffed and tops begin to brown.
Remove from oven and immediately place pitas in a sealed brown paper bag or cover them with a damp kitchen towel until soft.
Once pitas a softened, either cut in half or split top edge for half or whole pitas.
They can be stored in a plastic bag in the refrigerator for several days or in the freezer for 1 or 2 months.



Set oven to 500 F (bottom oven rack).
Grease a shallow baking dish (enough to hold all fish without overcrowding).
In a shallow bowl, combine first 7 ingredients.
Brush fish fillets with melted butter, then dip into crumb mixture.
Place in a greased baking pan.
Bake uncovered at 500F for 10 minutes, or until fish flakes easily with a fork.
Delicious!



Preheat oven to 475 degrees.
In shallow baking dish, toss carrots with oil and salt to coat.
Roast in oven for 10 minutes.
Heat butter in small saucepan until golden brown (dont burn!
), remove from heat and add maple syrup.
Drizzle over carrots and shake pan to coat.
Return to oven and continue to roast for another 8 minutes, or until brown and tender.
Serve immediately.



Place a plastic bag on a scale, and add all the ingredients except the vegetable oil as you weigh them.
Shake the bag to combine the ingredients.
Place the plastic bag on the scale again and add the vegetable oil as you weigh.
Knead the dough over the bag to incorporate it.
Once the dough comes together, roll it into a stick.
Cut out the bag and cut the dough into 5 mm thick slices with a knife.
Bake for 15 minutes in a preheated oven at 180C.
The fresh cookies out of the oven are very soft and they fall apart easily.
Let them rest as they are until they are cool.
They are also delicious if you substitute the cocoa power with green tea mix or Milo.
If you use pure cocoa powder, you will have the bitter sweet taste that adults like!



Beat sugar into the softened butter.
( I leave this mixture on the counter for half an hour so that the sugar dissolves into the butter properly.
Then pour this into the flour and beat until mixture is white.
drop by spoonful onto parchment papered cookie sheet place a christmas cherry on top and bake at 300-325 until pale brown.
(not sure exactly how long, probably 10- 15 minutes.
You might want to double the recipe on this one, because you'll end up not being able to put these down.



Cook the mushrooms in the butter, in a covered saucepan on low heat until done.
You can use the butter for omelets or other cooking like vegetables.



Toast the pistachios in the oven at 350 degrees or in a dry skillet on the stovetop; they go from perfect to burnt quickly, so watch closely.
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside.
Chop the chocolate and melt in the top of a double boiler over simmering water, or in the microwave oven, stirring frequently.
Stir in the cranberries and pistachios.
Pour onto the foil-lined sheet, spreading evenly; chill for 1 hour or until set.
Remove from foil and break into pieces.



Preheat the waffle maker.
Combine the muffin mix and milk in a large bowl.
Whisk until there are no more lumps.
Spray the waffle maker with cooking spray and pour muffin mix into it.
Cook until you reach your desired doneness.
Serve with butter, syrup and jelly if you wish.
Note: You can use any waffle mix that you would like.
We have tried Lemon Poppyseed and Cinnamon Streusel muffin waffles and they have also been fantastic!
Enjoy!



Combine mayo and seasonings in large bowl.
Add potatoes and onions; mix lightly.
Cover.
Refrigerate several hours or overnight.



Sift dry ingredients.
Add water and mix well.
Use to coat fish or chicken filets.
Cover the fish completely.
Deep fry until a nice golden brown.



Salt and pepper the pot roast.
Add pot roast, soup mix, stock, and vegetables to the crock pot.
Set the crock pot on low for 8 hours or high for 6 hours.
In the last hour of cooking time, mix the butter and flour and add to cooking liquids.
This will thicken the gravy.



Pulse the cocoa nibs in a spice grinder 3 to 4 times until the nibs are coarsely chopped.
Place the nibs in a 1-quart microwave-safe measuring cup and add the 16 ounces of milk.
Microwave on high for 3 to 4 minutes or until the milk reaches 160 degrees F. Steep at room temperature for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine the chocolate, sugar, water and salt in the carafe of a 1-liter French press.
Set aside.
After steeping, return the nib-milk mixture to the microwave and heat on high for 2 minutes until it simmers or reaches 185 degrees F. Strain the hot nib-milk mixture through a fine-mesh strainer into the French press carafe.
Set aside for 1 minute, and then stir to combine the chocolate and milk.
Pump the plunger of the French press 10 to 15 times to froth and aerate.
Pour the mixture into a standard ice cube tray and freeze until solid, 3 to 4 hours or overnight.
Combine the frozen hot chocolate cubes with the 4 ounces of milk, half-and-half or coffee in a blender and blend until smooth.
Serve immediately.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar and water.
Bring to a boil, and stir until sugar is dissolved.
Add peanuts, and cook stirring, over medium heat until peanuts are evenly coated, and no syrup is left in pan.
Spread nuts out on a baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes to evenly roast peanuts.



Preheat the oven to 175C.
Grease an 8-inch square cake pan with a little butter and line it with waxed or parchment paper.
Place the butter, maple syrup, fruit spread, and sugar in a saucepan over medium heat.
Heat until the butter has melted and the sugar has dissolved.
Stir well to mix.
Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes until it has a thick, sticky consistency.
Place the remaining ingredients in a large bowl.
Pour in the melted ingredients and mix well.
Pour into the prepared cake pan, flatten with a wooden spoon, and bake for 1520 minutes until golden brown.
Remove from the oven and leave to cool.
Cut into squares.
Keep in an airtight container for 34 days, or freeze extra portions the day they are made for up to 1 month.
If freezing, defrost thoroughly, let come to room temperature, and serve.



Drain spinach well.
Add soup mix and sour cream.
Blend well and top with cheese.
Bake at 350 for 30min or until hot and bubbly.



Blend all ingredients.
Mold and shape Large eggs.
Let dry in refrigerator or possibly other cold place 2 days.
Then coat with chocolate.



Combine egg substitute, milk, melted butter, applesauce, 1/4 cup water, and crushed cereal in a bowl and stir until cereal is moist.
Let stand for 10-15 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, and Splenda and stir to mix together.
Preheat oven to 375F.
Lightly spray a 12-cup muffin tin with non-stick spray.
Add flour mixture to the moist bran mixture and stir gently until blended.
Add the remaining 1/4 cup of water and stir until you get a cooked-oatmeal-like consistency, add more water as needed.
Gently fold frozen blueberries into batter right before cooking.
Spoon batter evenly into muffin cups and bake for 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean.
Remove from oven and allow to cool in pan.
Best eaten when warm.
Enjoy!



Combine the flour and salt in a medium bowl.
Using a pastry blender, cut in the shortening until the mixture is crumbly, with a few pea-sized pieces of shortening.
Sprinkle in the water and mix with a fork, adding just enough until the mixture is moistened and begins to clump together.
Gather up the dough and form into a flat disk.
You can use this dough immediately or proceed to the next step.
Wrap the dough in wax paper or plastic wrap.
Refrigerate for atleast 20 minutes or up to overnight.
If chilled until hard, let the dough stand at room temperature for about 10 minutes to soften slightly before rolling.
********Double-CrustShortening Pie Dough*********.
Use all-purpose flour, salt, vegetable shortening and ice-cold water.
Divide the dough into 2 equal pieces.



Dip moistened fish pcs proportionately but lightly in the flour.
Dust off any excess flour and allow pcs to air dry on eaxed paper, about 5 min.
Whip the pancake mix with the club soda to the consistency of buttermilk- pourable, but not too thin and not too thick.
beat in the onion pwdr and seasoned salt.
Dip floured fillets into batter and drop into 425 oil in heavy saucepan using meat thermometer.
Brown about 4 min per side.
Arrange on cookie sheet in 325 oven till all pcs have been fired.



Wash the apricots and cut into quarters, discarding the pits.
Combine with the water and sugar in a pot and cook over medium heat, without letting it boil, until the apricots are tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
Let cool for about 30 minutes, then puree in a blender.
Add the salt and lemon juice and blend until smooth.
Strain and cool over an ice bath.
Refrigerate, covered, until completely chilled, about 2 hours.
Freeze in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions.



Place fruit in a dessert dish.
Blend sour cream and brown sugar in a small bowl.
Spoon over fruit.



Line a 13-in.
x 9-in.
x 2-in.
pan with foil; coat the foil with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.
Butter the sides of a large heavy saucepan with 2 teaspoons butter.
Cube remaining butter; place in pan.
Add the sugar, water and corn syrup.
Cook and stir until mixture turns golden brown and a candy thermometer reads 300 (hard crack stage).
Remove from the heat; stir in hazelnuts.
Pour into prepared pan without scraping; spread evenly.
Let stand at room temperature until cool, about 1 hour.
In a microwave-safe bowl, melt the chocolate chips.
Let stand for 1 hour.
Break into bite-sized pieces.
Store in the refrigerator.
Yield: 1-3/4 pounds.
Note: We recommend that you test your candy thermometer before each use by bringing water to a boil; the thermometer should read 212.
Adjust your recipe temperature up or down based on your test.



Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a measuring cup, add milk and vinegar; mix until combined.
Set aside.
In a large bowl, mix together whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and nutmeg.
Add butter, and with the back of a fork, break up the butter until the flour resembles coarse crumbs.
In a medium bowl, add milk mixture and pumpkin.
Whisk together until combined.
Pour pumpkin mixture into flour mixture and stir until just combined.
Do not over-stir.
Drop about 13 cup of batter about 2 apart onto prepared baking sheet.
Bake in oven for 1215 minutes, until lightly golden brown.
Let cool for 5 minutes, serve warm.
Serve with honey butter or a drizzle of honey.
Can be frozen for up to 3 months.



Mix all ingredients, stir and serve.



Preheat oven to 300F.
With a mortar and pestle or a spice grinder grind caraway seeds coarse.
In a 1-cup measure or very small metal bowl combine seeds with remaining ingredients.
Set measuring cup or bowl on a baking sheet and cook in lower third of oven 1 hour.
Cool on a rack 30 minutes.
Line a small strainer with several layers of cheesecloth and strain oil into a glass jar.
Flavored oil keeps, covered loosely and refrigerated at all times, 1 month.



In a KitchenAid (or any other mixer) put 4 cups whole wheat flour, 2 T yeast, 2/3 cups sugar and 3 cups warm water (between 110 and 125 degrees).
Mix with regular beater for 15 minutes.
Let sit for about 1 hour.
It will rise and fall several times during this time.
Mix 1 T salt in to dough thoroughly.
Add the oil at this point if you are going to do it.
The oil helps act as a preservative.
Using a dough hook, mix 3 cups bread flour for 10 minutes.
By the time this is done mixing it should
Remove from bowl.
Place on floured surface.
Knead for a couple minutes.
Add a little flour if it still feels too sticky.
Cut in half.
Knead both halves until they are smooth.
Place each in pans sprayed with Pam.
Let rise for about an hour.
It doesn't have to be in a warm place.
I just put mine on top of my cold stove.
When they are finished rising, they will look like regular sized loaves.
Place in cold oven.
Turn oven to 350 degrees.
Cook for 30 minutes.
Take out and place on wire cooling rack.
If you let them cool in the pan or on the counter, they will get a little soggy.
Cut and enjoy.



Whisk together all ingredients.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.



Combine first five ingredients in a blender.
(Or save the salsa to add later, if you want more salsa chunks in your dip.
).
Blend until very smooth.
Drizzle in the tahini, and salsa if you didn't yet, and blend again till well combined.
Refrigerate until ready to serve.



Preheat oven to 350F
Turn on deep fryer to 375F or use stove pan to fry using the oil
For the sauce, mix all ingredients well and put in fridge until ready to use
Cut chicken into small pieces
Sprinkle garlic powder on the small pieces of chicken
Then dip chicken in the beaten egg
Then dip chicken in the cornstarch
Put chicken in fryer and take out when chicken has risen or after 3 minutes
Put chicken in long baking dish and pour the sauce over it
Bake in oven for 10 minutes
Serve with rice and broccoli
Enjoy!



Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
Roughly chop the almonds.
Combine all the dry ingredients.
Add the maple syrup, honey and agave (if you have it, if you dont just add a little extra honey), stir it well.
Spread it out in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Bake it for 30 minutes then stir.
Continue baking for another 30 minutes and stir again.
Bake for 15-30 more minutes.
Once it is evenly toasted, pull it out of the oven.
Let it cool completely and store in an airtight container.
I eat it in 1/4 cup portions with yogurt or as a quick snack on the go.
Each 1/4 cup serving is about 140 calories.



Place all ingredients into a medium-sized microwave-safe mixing bowl.
Microwave on high for a minute at a time, until peanut butter is hot and the butter has melted.
Remove from the microwave, and whisk until completely smooth.
Taste, and adjust salt/sugar level as needed.
Theres a lot of variation based on the brand of peanut butter used, and your own personal taste.
Serve warm over anything!
You can keep this covered, in a jar in the fridge, for a while.
Adapted from a recipe in The Clinton Street Bakery Cookbook.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
Combine flour and pecans.
In a large bowl, cream the butter and brown sugar.
Beat in the vanilla extract.
Gradually stir in the dry ingredients.
The dough will be stiff.
Pinch off walnut size pieces of dough and roll into small balls.
Place the balls 1-1/2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets.
Flatten the cookies with the back of a spoon dipped in flour.
Back for 10 to 12 minutes until lightly colored.
Transfer onto wire racks to cool.



In a bowl, soften the cream cheese slightly.
Mix in the garlic powder, garlic salt, and pecans.
This spreads easier at room temperature, but leftovers should be refrigerated.



In a screw top jar, combine all ingredients, cover and shake well.
Makes 3/4 cup of salad dressing.serve chilled.
Will keep for several weeks in refrigerator.but it won't last that long.



Stir whiskey and gin together in a large pitcher; add lemonade and stir.



Combine all ingredients in a blender.
Cover and pulse until mixture starts to swirl.
Blend on high for 20 seconds, or until the drink is smooth.



Thoroughly blend Miracle Whip and buttermilk.
Add spices, blending well.
Store covered in refrigerator.
HINT: Using the low speed of a blender lessens prep time!



For the cauliflower / potato puree: Bring first 4 ingredients to a boil,in a saucepan, cover, reduce heat and simmer 6 minute or until potato is tender.
Remove from heat, uncover and let stand 10 minute Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over high heat, add oil, swirl around pan to coat.
Pat scallops dry, sprinkle with 1/4 tsp of the salt, and all of the black pepper, and 1/4 tsp of the red pepper.Sear scallops and cook until done, remove from pan.
Drain 1/2 of the water from cauliflower / potato mixture, pour into blender, add remainder of salt, and red pepper,and blend until smooth.
Divide among plates, and top with about 4 scallops each.
Equally divide and place tarragon veggies on the side.
For the Tarragon Vegetables:
Place sugar snap peas and water in a saucepan, bring to a boil, cook 2 minutes.
Add carrots and butter, cover and cook another 2 minutes, Stir in tarragon, mustard, vinegar and salt.
Serve as a side dish.
Note: According to 'Cookin Light', the yield is about 1/2 cup of puree and 4 scallops per person for 4 servings, and also 4 servings for the veggies.
Also, the recipe didn't specify exactly where to put the red pepper, so I divided it, but you may put it where-ever you like.



In a Vita-Mix or high speed blender, puree all the ingredients until completely smooth, stopping to scrape the sides as necessary.
Transfer to bowls and chill form a firmer pudding, or eat it straightaway.
Try this with raspberries and fresh mint, or chopped nuts.
Serves 4.
NOTE: The whole young coconuts generally come with the husks trimmed down, so they sit flat with a pointed top.
To open these coconuts, a cleaver is your best bet.
You can use a chefs knife, but if you do, make sure its an old, inexpensive one!
Lay the coconut on its side, securing it so that it wont roll Try not to hold the fruit with your free hand while you make the first cut (in case you have particularly bad aim!).
Holding the knife high, bring it down sharply near the top of the coconut.
The knife should sink in about 1/3 of the way, breaking through the inner shell.
Quickly set the coconut upright so as not to lose the water to the cutting board.
If you didnt succeed in breaking the inner shell, rotate the shell and try the technique again.
Drain the coconut of its water into a blender or bowl, then use the cleaver or knife to finish cutting off the top to get at the meat.
The meat will range from very thin and very soft (sometimes even with a pale purplish hue in very young coconuts), to thicker and firmer.
The firmer meat is best for recipes that call for noodles or pasta squares.
Sometimes you have to open a few before you get one with nice firm meat, but the soft meat is perfectly good for sauces and smoothies, and coconut meat freezes beautifully, so all of it is good to use.
The best way to get the firmer meat out is by using the back of a spoon to pry it from the sides of the coconut, then trim away any of the shell residue with a paring knife.
Lay the pieces of coconut flat on a cutting board and slice into 1/6 inch strips for dishes that call for coconut noodles.
The Raw TruthThe Art of Preparing Living Foods Jeremy A Safron



Bring water to boil.
Put the molasses inches.
Stir until dissolved.
Squeeze in Lemon.
Drink.



Preheat the oven to 350F (175C).
In a food processor, combine flour, powdered sugar, cocoa, vanilla and salt; process to blend.
With the motor running, gradually add 1-2/3 cup of the butter, a few tablespoons at a time.
Process until dough forms a ball on top of the blades.
Press dough into a 12-inch tart pan with a removable bottom.
Bake for 10 minutes or until light brown.
Set aside to cool.
In a large saucepan over medium-high heat, combine remaining 1 cup butter, brown sugar, honey and sugar; bring to a boil.
Boil for 3 minutes.
Add pecans and cream and return to a boil.
Immediately pour into cooled crust.
Bake until center is bubbling, about 20 minutes.
Let cool to room temperature, about 2 hours.



In a food processor, combine garlic, parsley, scallions, sugar, salt, and pepper.
Pulse until garlic, parsley, and scallions just come together but are not paste-like.
With the motor running, slowly pour in olive oil, scraping sides of bowl as necessary.
Check the texture and flavor, adding up to 1/4 cup more olive oil as necessary.
Add walnut pieces and pulse to combine (the nuts should still be slightly chunky).
Transfer pesto to a bowl and stir in Parmesan.
Season with salt to taste.
Looking for more quick and easy recipes?
Check out our quick family-favorites, fast dinners for weeknights, and healthy recipes for less than $3 a serving.



Over medium heat, in wide stainless steel skillet, heat sugar, vinegar and salt, stirring to dissolve.
Add chopped apples and cranberries, and increase heat to medium-high.
Let fruit cook, uncovered, for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring carefully, until apples are tender but still hold their shape.
Add ginger, jalapeno and cayenne, mix gently and cool to room temperature.
May be prepared ahead and refrigerated up to 4 days.



Mix wild rice, honey and molasses and let set overnight.
In breadmaker, add in flour, butter, dry lowfat milk, sugar, salt and water.
Add in wild rice mix.
Add in yeast and cook as directed.
Note: I just mix the dough, remove and separate into 12 rolls in a greased glass pie plate.
Let rise 30-45 min and bake for 20 min at 350 degrees.



Calzone- Remove dough from the machine and roll it into circles of approx.
8inches in diameter.
Spread filling on one half of the circle leaving a borderaround it for closing.
Close the calzone by folding the unfilled side on top ofthe filled side and crimping the edges closed with your fingers or possibly a fork.
Place on a lightly greased baking or possibly pizza pan.
Let rise approx.
30 min.
Brush lightly with extra virgin olive oil and bake in a preheated 500F oven for approximately 20 to 30 min or possibly till puffed and golden brown.
Filling- place 1.5 to 2 Tablespoons each of ricotta and grated mozzarella cheese in eachcalzone.
Or possibly use a stromboli filling.



Preheat the oven to 350F.
Drain 1 can of peaches; reserve the syrup from the other.
Place the butter in a 9 x 12-inch ovenproof baking dish.
Heat the butter in the oven until its melted.
In a medium bowl, mix the flour and sugar.
Stir in the milk and the reserved syrup.
Carefully remove the baking dish from the oven and pour the batter over the melted butter.
Arrange the peaches over the batter.
Bake for 1 hour.
The cobbler is done when the batter rises around the peaches and the crust is thick and golden brown.
Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.
This forms its own top crust while it bakes.
Two types of peaches, freestone and clingstone, are just what the terms suggest.
The flesh of a ripe freestone variety pulls easily away from the pit or stone, while the clingstone flesh, well, clings!
Go online to www.lanepacking.com for all the scoop on Georgia peaches.
If you dont have self-rising flour, substitute 1 cup all-purpose flour mixed with 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder and 1/8 teaspoon salt.



Lightly grease a sheet pan with nonstick cooking spray.
Combine the butter, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil.
Continue cooking until a candy thermometer reads 300 F. Remove the saucepan from the heat and immediately add the peanuts, stirring to coat them.
Pour the peanut mixture onto the prepared sheet pan and spread it as thinly as possible.
Allow the brittle to cool to room temperature, about 1 hour.
Once the brittle is fully cooled, cut it into 1-inch pieces.
Measure 3/4 cup of brittle and set it aside, reserving the remaining brittle for another use.
(The peanut brittle can be kept in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 weeks.)
Temper the milk chocolate as directed in Basic Tempered Chocolate (page 163).
Once the chocolate is tempered, add the 3/4 cup brittle, the pretzels, and the marshmallows and stir to coat as much as possible.
Pour the chocolate mixture onto a sheet pan lined with parchment or waxed paper.
Spread it as thinly as possible.
Allow the bark to set at room temperature for 1 hour (or 30 minutes in the refrigerator).
Using a chefs knife, cut the bark into bite-size pieces, about 1 inch.
Serve the bark immediately, or keep it in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 weeks.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet.
Place all but two tablespoons of the Scottish oatmeal in a bowl with flour, sugar, salt and baking powder.
Stir until combined.
Add butter and stir until evenly distributed.
With a fork, mix in water, just until moistened.
Pat dough into a ball, and then flatten slightly.
Sprinkle reserved 2 tablespoons oats on a board.
Roll dough out 1/4 inch thick.
With a 2 to 3 inch round cutter, cut dough into rounds.
Re-roll and cut scraps.
Place oatcakes about 1/4 inch apart on prepared baking sheet.
Bake at 325F until Scottish oatcakes are golden, approximately 25 minutes.
Let cool on a rack.
Enjoy plain, or serve with jam or cheese.



may need to double the sauce if using more than one pound meat.
I sometimes even need to triple the sauce if I am making a big batch.
You want the meat to be covered in the sauce.
Cut your meat into thin strips.
(You can use venison or beef, and I usually use an inexpensive cut of meat).
I usually use a couple pounds of the meat and then double the sauce.
Mix all of the sauce ingredients.
Marinade with the meat overnight.
Use with your food dehydrator according to directions.



Mix all ingredients; cover.
Refrigerate until ready to serve.
Garnish with additional 1 teaspoons chopped peppers, if desired.
Serve with snack crackers.



Preheat the oven to 425F Peel the parsnips and cut them into 2-inch lengths.
Quarter the thickest pieces, halve the medium ones, and leave the thinnest ones whole.
You want all the pieces to be about the same size.
Put the butter in a shallow baking dish large enough to hold the parsnips in a single layer and put the dish in the oven until the butter melts.
Stir in the brown sugar and vinegar.
Add the parsnips, salt, and pepper and stir to coat all the pieces evenly.
Bake for 20 minutes.
Remove the pan from the oven and stir in the thyme.
Continue to bake until the parsnips are browned and tender when pierced with a fork, about 10 minutes longer.



Mix and bake 10 min at 350 degrees.



Remove turkey from refrigerator several hours before cooking.
Position a rack in the lowest position of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.
Reserve the turkey neck and giblets to use in gravy or stock.
Pull out the pads of yellow fat at both sides of the tail and discard.
(These are sometimes already removed by the processor, so don't worry if they aren't present.)
If desired, rinse the turkey inside and out with cold water.
Pat the turkey skin dry.
Turn the turkey on its breast.
Loosely fill the neck cavity with stuffing.
Using a thin wooden or metal skewer, pin the turkey's neck skin to the back.
Fold the turkey's wings akimbo behind the back (the tips will rest behind the turkey's "shoulders") or tie to the body with kitchen string.
Loosely fill the large body cavity with stuffing and cover the stuffing with a small piece of aluminum foil.
Place any remaining stuffing in a lightly buttered casserole, cover and refrigerate to bake as a side dish.
Place the drumsticks in the hock lock or tie together with kitchen string.
Brush the turkey all over with the butter.
Mix together the salt and pepper and season the turkey all over.
Tightly cover the breast area (but not the wings) with foil.
Place the turkey, breast side up, on a rack in the roasting pan.
Pour 2 cups of turkey stock into the bottom of the pan.
Roast the turkey, basting all over every 45 minutes with the juices on the bottom of the pan (lift up the foil to reach the breast area), until a meat thermometer inserted in the meaty part of the thigh (but not touching a bone) reads 180 degrees F and the stuffing is at least 165 degrees F, about 4 1/4 hours.
(See estimated roasting times below.)
Whenever the drippings evaporate, add broth to moisten them, one cup at a time, as needed.
During the last hour of the roasting time, remove the foil and baste at least once to allow the skin to brown.
Transfer the turkey to a large serving platter and let it stand at least 40 minutes before carving (it will not cool off; this allows the hot juices to retract back into the turkey meat), which gives you plenty of time for making the gravy and for finishing any other last-minute dishes.
Roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh reads 180 to 185 degrees F.



Combine flours, sugar, salt and yeast in a bowl.
Stir in warm water to form a stiff dough.
Knead dough for 6-8 minutes until smooth.
Cover with a tea towel and let rest for 15 minutes.
Divide dough into 12 equal portions.
Roll each portion into a smooth ball.
Poke a hole with your finger in the center of each ball and enlarge the hole while stretching and shaping into a bagel.
Cover and allow to rise for 20-30 minutes.
Boil 1 gallon water with 1 tablespoon sugar, then reduce to a simmer.
Boil 2-3 bagels at a time for 7 minutes, turning once.
Drain bagels on towels, then transfer to a greased sheet.
Bake at 375 degrees Fahrenheit for 30-35 minutes.



Preheat the oven to 375F.
Mix the flour and baking powder and rub in the butter/margarine.
Using cold water, make the mix into a pastry.
On a floured board, roll the pastry out into a rectangle about 1/4 inch thick (it cooks in a deep dish, so make sure the width is small enough to fit in the dish).
Spread the syrup/jam over the pastry and roll it into a cylinder.
Place the roll into a deep dish.
Dissolve the sugar in the warm water and pour over the roll.
Bake for 30-40 minutes until golden.
Serve immediately.



Place the rice in a medium-size bowl, add 4 cups of the cold water, and let soak for 10 minutes.
Heat the oil in a medium-size, heavy-bottomed saucepan for about a minute over medium heat.
When the oil is warm, add the onions and cook, stirring, until wilted and golden, 3 to 4 minutes; do not allow to brown or burn.
Add the remaining 2 cups cold water and the salt to the saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat.
Drain the rice in a fine mesh strainer and add to the boiling water.
Stir once gently and continue to boil briskly, uncovered, until the water is cooked down to the surface level of the rice, about 5 minutes.
Cover tightly, reduce the heat as low as it will go, and steam until all the water is fully absorbed and the rice is tender but not mushy, 10 to 20 minutes.
Fold the rice over very gently with a soup spoon.
Sprinkle the top with the warm water to moisten.
Serve hot, with the pine nut or vermicelli garnish, if desired.
If using the optional pine nut garnish, just before serving the rice, heat the oil in a small, heavy frying pan over medium heat.
Add the pine nuts and stir constantly until the nuts are brown, about 2 minutes.
(Watch carefully so that they dont burn.)
Put the rice in a serving bowl or platter and sprinkle with the hot nuts.
Serve immediately.
If using the optional vermicelli garnish, break the noodles into small pieces, about 1/2 inch long.
Heat the oil in a small, heavy frying pan over medium heat.
When the oil is very hot, add the noodles and stir constantly until the pieces are brown.
Add the water, stir, and cook until the noodles are soft, about 8 minutes.
Mix half of the noodles into the rice.
Place the rice in a serving bowl or platter and garnish with the remaining hot noodles.
Serve immediately.



Clean and rinse fish fillets,pat dry.
Combine lemon,garlic,basil,oil,soy sauce and worcestershire sauce,salt and pepper in a baking pan.
Place fish fillets in marinade(coat to cover fillet) cover with foil and ref.
30 minutes
Heat grill.
When fillet is ready place on a lightly greased grill basket, fold thin ends to level thickness.
Reserve marinade for further use while grilling.
Grill on rack directly over medium coals.
Grill fish 6-10 minutes or until fish flakes easily with fork.
Brush fillet with reserved marinade and continue to grill until fish is flaky.
Serve with grilled veggies or garnish with lemon wedges.



Combine all ingredients.
Mix Well.
Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow flavors to blend.
Drain well before serving with chips.



Combine all ingredients
Cook 6 minutes on a medium high heat, stirring every minute.
Stir and pour into lightly greased dish.
Cut, wrap in wax paper and store in an air tight container.



Puree the watermelon cubes in a food processor.
Measure 4 cups of the puree and place in a bowl.
Add the Simple Sugar Syrup and lemon juice and stir well.
Freeze in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions.



Preheat oven to 350.
Thaw hash browns & mix well with cheese, sour cream, onion dip & mushroom soup.
Spread evenly in 9" x 13" pan.
Crush crackers & mix with melted butter.
Sprinkle over top of casserole.
Bake 30 minutes, or until done.



In a pan mix together sugar, cold water, Karo's white syrup, vinegar, butter and salt.
Cook on stove until a ball forms when dropped by a teaspoon into cold water.
Add to puffed rice cereal.
Mix well and put in pan.



Mix all ingredients together in a small bowl.
Store in an airtight container.



Place all ingredients in a bowl and rub butter and flour together until mixture looks like small peas.
Slowly add enough water to knead to a stiff dough.
Divide dough into 2 pieces.
Roll each piece into a long rope-like shape about 12 inches in length.
Cut into 2 inch lengths and drop into boiling soup or stew and cook for about 10 minutes.



Heat the molasses and milk together.
Mix all dry ingredients together: add liquid until a soft dough is achieved.
With floured hands, shape into a round cake about 1 1/2 inches thick.
Cut into farls (quarters), put on a floured baking sheet and bake at 400oF for 40 minutes.



BBQ~ grill or oven.
Preheat oven 400F.
In large bowl, combine, chili powder, honey, garlic powder, pepper and butter.
Add potatoes; toss to coat.
Spoon potatoes in greased 11x7-inch baking dish.
Bake 40-50 minutes until potatoes are tender.
BBQ--wrap and seal in foil; place on grill for about 30 minutes until tender!



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Remove and discard stems from shiitake mushrooms; slice mushroom caps.
Heat margarine in a medium nonstick skillet over med-high heat.
Add shiitake and other mushrooms; saute 5 minutes or until tender.
Set aside.
Combine water, barley, and onion soup mix in a 3-quart casserole dish; stir in mushroom mixture.
Cover and bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour and 15 min, or until most of the liquid is absorbed.
Garnish with chives as desired.



Preheat oven to 450F.
Sift dry ingredients together including buttermilk powder if using.
Cut in shortening, coconut oil or butter.
Add buttermilk (or water if using powder.
).
Roll out and cut or pinch and shape biscuits.
Bake about 15-20 minutes until golden brown.



Cook the brisket in a slow oven (275 degrees) for 5 to 6 hours or in a crockpot overnight.
The beef is done when it tears apart in strings.
When the meat is done, drain fat and pull the meat apart into strings.
Mix with the BBQ sauce.
Pour into freezer bag and freeze.
When thawed, heat through in microwave or on stove-top.
If using stove-top, use low heat and stir often.
Per 1/12 portion: 207 calories, 7 fat grams.
Can be served alone, in a whole wheat bun, over a baked potato, over pasta, or over rice Serving Ideas : Good with fresh steamed peas, baked potato, cutup fruit.



Heat up your leftovers and enjoy your meal!



In large saucepan, melt butter over medium-high heat.
Stir in brown sugar, cream, and cocoa; boil 1 minute.
Remove saucepan from heat, add peanut butter and vanilla, and stir until smooth.
Stir in oats and peanuts.
Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the batter onto wax paperlined baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart, and let cool until set, about 20 minutes.
Storage suggestion: Keep the cookies at room temperature, between sheets of wax paper in an airtight container, for up to 3 days.



Mix scalded milk and molasses.
Mix sugar, corn meal, salt, cinnamon, and ginger, and add to the scalded milk and molasses mixture.
Cook slowly, stirring constantly, about 5 minutes.
Pour into a prepared baking dish and dot with butter.
Bake 1 hour in a 300 degrees F oven.
Remove from oven, stir in one cup of milk, and bake for 2 hours longer.
Serve warm.
(I usually top this with vanilla ice cream.
).



Arrange chips on a large microwavable platter.
Top with 1 cup of cheese, chicken, salsa, olives and remaining cheese.
Microwave on High 3 to 4 Minutes or until cheese is melted, turning platter halfway through cooking time.



ADD beans and cauliflower to boiling water in saucepan; cook until crisp-tender.
Drain.
Rinse under cold water; drain again.
Place in bowl.
ADD remaining ingredients; mix lightly.
Cover.
REFRIGERATE 3 hours or until chilled.



Combine all ingredients until blended to a creamy consistency.



1.
Combine all the ingredients together in a large bowl, mixing gently so the crispy rice cereal doesnt get crushed.
Mix until well-combined.
2.
Using a cookie scoop (or roll small amounts in your hands), drop rounded tablespoon-sized portions onto a parchment or wax paper lined cooking sheet.
I used my cookie scoop and then rolled the scooped portion between my palms.
3.
Refrigerate for 1-2 hours.
At this point you can serve them or combine the chilled granola bites in a large Tupperware-type container or Ziploc bags to freeze or refrigerate.
They will stay fresh in the refrigerator for up to a week or for a few months in the freezer.



Mix all ingredient together.
Pat into a lined 8 x 12 inch tin.
Chill for 4 hours.
Cut into 40 squares.
Store in a tin.



Place all ingredients in a blender & process for a minute or two until smooth.
Pour into chilled glasses & serve.



Add ingredients to bread machine pan in the order suggested by manufacturer.
Select basic/whole wheat cycle; light/normal color setting for a 1 1/2 pound loaf.



Your breadmaker may require a little less liquid, start with only 1/8 cup water instead of the 1/4 cup listed in the recipe.
Check the dough ball while it is kneading and add more liquid, one teaspoon at a time, if necessary.
Put ingredients into your breadmaker according to manufacturer's directions.
Baking time is however long your machine takes.
To make a softer crust, put the finished loaf of bread into a plastic bag while still warm.



Put yogurt and frozen fruit in a blender.
Blend on "ice crush" until the fruit is broken up, and continue to blend on medium speed until smooth.
You can skip "ice crush" if it's not an option on your blender.
You may need to add yogurt and stir occasionally to get the mixture to blend.
Add Protein Powder, Stevia and Flax Seed Meal.
Good fruit combinations include: banana-raspberry-pineapple; banana-strawberry-mango; bananas-blueberry-raspberry (high fiber).
Notes:.
You can buy most frozen fruit, but not bananas.
Peel them and break them in thirds or quarters by hand, and put in a freezer bag.
Don't slice them into small pieces or else they will stick together.
I recommend peeling and cutting up ripe mangoes instead of buying them frozen.
Be sure to break them apart in the freezer bag a few hours after putting them in the freezer.
This recipe is low-sugar because of the Stevia and the plain yogurt.
If you're not concerned about sugar, you can use flavored yogurt and/or honey in place of Stevia.
Flax seed meal adds fiber and Omega-3 fatty acids.
Be sure to use Flax Seed Meal or "Milled" Flax seeds.
Not "Ground" Flax seeds.



Combine everything in a blender until smooth.
Either pour into one large cup or two small cups.
Enjoy.



Get out mug of your choice, and put honey, vanilla extract and cinnamon in bottom.
Set aside.
In a seperate mug, warm up milk for 2 minutes or until hot in microwave.
Poor hot milk over honey and spices, stir until dissolved.
Taste to make sure it is sweet enough, if not add in more honey.
Microwave for one more minute, or until desired temperature is reached.



Clean and wash all the seeds picking out all of the pumpkin guts and pat dry.
Preheat oven to 300F.
Mix salt and garlic salt into a salt shaker.
Place 1/2 teaspoon of oil and seeds into a large Ziplock bag and shake to coat.
Use the other 1/2 teaspoon to coat 1 or 2 cookie sheets.
Spread seeds out evenly onto cookie sheets and sprinkle the salt mixture onto the seeds.
Place cookie sheet into the oven until the seeds are a light golden brown, usually 20 to 30 minutes.
Taste 1 or 2 after 20 minutes to see if they are crunchy or need more time and enjoy.
*You can soak the seeds in saltwater overnight if you really like them salty.
*.



3) Make the brine in a large non-reactive pot (stainless, ceramic, porcelain, or glass).
You can make it days in advance and keep it chilled if you wish.
Add the hot water to a one cup measuring cup.
Then pour in salt, any salt, until the water line reaches 3/4 cup.
The water will swallow up almost exactly 1/4 pound regardless of whether you use table salt, kosher salt, pickling salt, or sea salt.
The volume of these salts may differ, but their water displacement will be the same!
Pour the slurry into a very clean non-reactive container large enough to hold the meat and 1/2 gallon of water.
Then add the sugar, garlic, and black pepper.
Stir until most of the sugar is dissolved.
The garlic and pepper will not dissolve much at first.
Then add the cold water.
4) Chose your brining container carefully.
It needs to be food grade, large enough to hold the meat and the brine with the meat submerged, and it cannot be made of aluminum, copper, or cast iron, all of which can react with the salt.
Do not use garbage bags or a garbage can or a bucket from Home Depot.
They are not food grade.
Do not use a styrofoam cooler.
It might give the meat an off flavor and you'll never get the cooler clean when you're done.
Zipper bags work fine.
For large cuts get Reynolds Brining Bags, Ziploc XL, and XXL bags.
If you brine in a zipper bag, periodically grab the bag and squish things around and flip the meat so the brine can get in from all sides.
Place the bag in a roasting pan to catch leaks.
You can also use bowls, pots, and Tupperware.
Submerge the fish skin side up in the brine and refrigerate.
Make sure the meat part is thoroughly submerged.
If you need to, hold it under with a plate with a weight on top.
Cover with plastic wrap not aluminum foil.
Gently stir the container occasionally to make sure all parts of the fish come into contact with the brine.
5) The length of brining will vary depending on how thick the filets are.
Brine 2" thick filets for about 2 hours in the fridge, 1" filets for 1 hour.
Drain the fish and discard the brine.
Then rinse the fish to remove surface salt, and soak them in clear water for about an hour.
This helps get rid of excess salt.
Pat dry with paper towels.
Some folks like to put the filets in the fridge for an up to 3 hours under the theory that a desirable shiny tacky film or pellicle will form on the surface.
It is said to help retain moisture and smoke.
I have tried it with and without pellicle and see no quality difference.
But a few hours of resting will help the brine to distribute itself evenly through the flesh.
6) Cut pieces of paper bag or plain white paper about the same size as each hunk of fish and place the fish on the paper, skin side down.
Don't use foil or parchment paper.
We want the fish to stick to the paper to help us remove the skin, and it will not stick to foil or parchment.
If you are glazing, sprinkle some brown sugar on top of the fillets or paint them with maple syrup.
Place the fish on a rack on your grill or smoker so they are not touching each other.
Insert a digital thermometer temperature probe into the thickest part of the thickest fillet.
7) Put the fish into a preheated smoker at about 225F and place the fillet with the probe in the coolest part of the smoker.
Add the wood.
8) As the meat approaches doneness, bubbles of milky liquid will often come to the surface.
This is a natural protein liquid from within the muscle fibers and it's fine.
It just looks ugly.
You can wipe it off or brush it off with a wet brush.
Remove the meat when it is at about 140F internal.
No more than 150F.
Total cooking time will be about 60 minutes depending on the actual temperature of your oven and the thickness of the meat.
9) Remove the fillets and let them cool for about 15 minutes, until you can handle them.
Then peel off the paper and the skins should come right off with it.
While you are looking at the skin side, if there is any dark brown flesh, scrape it off with a serrated steak knife and discard it.
It can taste muddy.



Combine all dry ingredients.
Make a well in dry ingredients, and stir together all wet ingredients.
Mix all wet and dry ingredients just until blended.
Pour and spread mixture in a lightly oiled 10-inch cast-iron skillet.
Bake in a 350-degree oven for about 30 minutes or until edges are just turning golden brown.



Stir all ingredients until creamy and pumpkin-y throughout.
Slather on everything in sight and enjoy!



Puree raspberries in blender or food processor.
Add sugar and liqueur to taste, and blend.
Strain if desired.



Cream peanut butter and margarine, add sugars and mix well.
Add eggs and mix until creamy.
Add remaining ingredients.
Chill for one hour-I usually skip this step and chill between batches.
Drop by teaspoonful onto cookie sheets- do not flatten.
Bake at 325F for 15 minutes.
Cool on cookie sheets for about 5 minutes then transfer onto newspaper- the newspaper soaks up extra grease so the cookies don't become crumbly, little trick I learned from my MIL- this is also optional.
Immediately after the cookies are completely cooled I always transfer them to an airtight container.
These cookies have always stayed soft and moist if they are stored in an airtight container.



Line 8" square pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides of paan; set aside.
Microwave chocolate and milk in large microwave-safe bowl on MEDIUM 2-3 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted.
Add almonds, cranberries and orange peel, stir until well blended.
Spread chocolate mixture into prepared pan.
Refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm.
Lift fudge from pan, using foil handles.
Cut into 48 pieces.
Store in tightly (air-tight) covered container in refrigerator up to 3 weeks.



1.
Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium heat, just until small bubbles begin to form around the edges of the pan.
Add the chocolate and sea salt and whisk until the chocolate is melted.
Continue whisking for 2 to 3 minutes, until slightly thickened.
2.
Meanwhile, place the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment.
Beat on medium speed for about 3 minutes, until soft peaks form.
Add the powdered sugar and cinnamon, increase the mixer speed to medium-high, and beat until stiff peaks form.
3.
Ladle the hot chocolate into mugs and top each with a large spoonful of the whipped cream.
Dust with more cinnamon and serve immediately.



Place all the ingredients in the container of a blender, blend for 1 minute.
Scrape down the sides of the blender with a rubber spatula and process for 30 seconds longer.
The mustard should be a little thicker than heavy cream.
Store in glass jar, well-sealed, in the refrigerator and let the flavors marry for at least a day before using.
The longer it sits, the better it tastes; it also will get thicker and more yellow.



Mix all ingredients in bowl, and marinate steaks overnight or for 10 hours in refrigerator.
Makes enough marinade for 4 steaks.
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant.
The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.



Combine the flour and baking powder.
In seperate bowl (or measuring cup) combine the milk and oil.
Add wet ingredients to the dry ingredients.
Drop from tsp into broth.
Cover, simmer 10 minutes.



In a bowl, using an electric mixer, beat together sugar, butter, sour cream and salt until creamy.
Add rum, beating until smooth.



Prepare canning jars.
Add grapes, sugar and lemon juice into a large pot.
Over medium heat, stir to combine.
Insert immersion blender below surface and blend to desired consistency.
Stir often, skimming off foam when needed.
Boil until mixture reaches 220 degrees F and/or passes the freezer test.
Ladle jam into jars, leaving 1/4 inch headspace.
Wipe off rims with a clean damp cloth.
Top with lids and process for 10 minutes.
Transfer to towels to cool.
Label and date.



Sift the flour then measure.
Add b. powder and salt and sift again.
Cut in the butter.
Hyde recommends using your fingers for this by rubbing the butter into the flour.
I usually don't because the heat of my hands and fingers tend to melt the butter and that's not good.
If you have "hot hands" too, use a pastry cutter or two knives to cut the butter into the flour.
Add the milk gradually, stirring gently.
Add only enough milk to bring the flour together in a soft ball.
Turn the mix onto a floured surface and knead it reluctantly, just enough to incorporate all the milk.
Gently pat the dough into a 1/2" tall layer.
Handle the dough as little possible so the biscuits will be tender.
Cut the dough into rounds or squares and place in a buttered pan.
It helps biscuits to rise more if you allow the sides to touch.
I don't know why this works but it usually does for me.
Bake for 12 - 15 minutes at 400 deg.
You can make these into great appetizers by adding shredded cheddar and fresh parsley to the flour before adding milk.
Then cut the biscuits with a small cutter (or glass) about 2" in diameter.



Pour apple cider into a percolator.
Place candies in percolator basket.
Cover, and begin the perking cycle.
When the cycle is complete; remove the basket, and leave punch in the pot to keep warm.



Place molasses, water, brown sugar, vinegar, salt and butter in a heavy pan.bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves.
Boil without stirring until it registers 2508-280* on candy thermometer.
Stir in baking soda and pour onto a buttered marble slab or heat proof platter.
When taffy is cool enough to handle, pull it with both hands to a spread of 18".
Fold the taffy back on itself and continue pulling, twisting slightly until ridges, retain their shape about 15 minutes.
Form into a long rope on a surface coated with 1 cup of powdered sugar.
cut into bite sized pieces.



Just juice the watermelon and mix the watermelon juice and the milk together.



Blend flour and spices.
Skin the wings and dredge in flour mixture.
Heat a non-stick skillet to medium-high and spray with cooking spray.
Add the wings and cook 4-5 minutes, until brown.
Turn, and cook 4-5 minutes more.
Lower heat to medium-low and add beer.
Cover and cook 5 minutes.
Turn and cook 5 minutes more.
Serve.



Combine first 4 ingredients in medium bowl.
Cut in butter or margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Add sour milk.
Stir until just moistened.
Turn out dough onto lightly floured surface.
Knead 8 to 10 times.
Flatten dough into 3/4 inch thick disc.
Place on 1 sheet of greased heavy-duty (or double layer of regular) foil.
Do not enclose.
Preheat grill to high.
Place foil with dough on 1 side of ungreased grill.
Turn off burner under foil, turning opposite burner down to medium.
Close lid.
Cook for 15 to 18 minutes, rotating foil at halftime, until biscuit is lightly golden.
ut into 8 wedges.
To make sour milk: Measure 1 tbsp white vinegar orlemon juice into 1 cup liquid measure.
Add milk to make 3/4 cup liquid.
Stir.



1 cup butter = 1/4 cup Greek yogurt plus 1/2 cup butter.
1 cup buttermilk = 2/3 cup Greek yogurt plus 1/4 cup buttermilk.
1 cup oil = 3/4 cup Greek yogurt.
1 cup sour cream = 1 cup Greek yogurt.
1 cup mayonnaise = 1 cup Greek yogurt.
1 cup cream cheese = 1 cup Greek yogurt.



Combine all the ingredients in a food processor or the companion container to an immersion blender.
Process until very smoothly pureed, then transfer to a container with an airtight lid.
(per 1/4 cup)
Calories: 21
Total Fat: 1g
Protein: 2g
Carbohydrates: 1g
Fiber: 0g
Sodium: 88mg



Whisk dry ingredients together.
Add vegetable oil and rice milk and mix with a spoon until thoroughly blended.
The batter will be almost too thick to pour.
Pour and spread it into a greased and sugared 9 x 9 pan.
Bake for 30 minutes at 350.
Cool completely and enjoy!



In clean, dry skillet (preferably cast iron) toast brown rice on medium heat.
Lower heat if rice starts to smoke.
Toast rice for about 10 minutes, stirring constantly so that grains do not burn.
Rice should turn a medium brown.
Set aside to cool slightly.
In blender fitted with steel blade, or in grain mill or food processor grind browned rice to the consistency of medium coarse cornmeal (grainy but not powdered.
).
The grinding process will have to be done in 3/4 cup portions to allow the rice grains to grind effectively.
To store: Place ground rice cereal in airtight container or "ziploc" bag.
The cereal must be kept either refrigerated or frozen.
Brown rice goes rancid quickly if stored in cupboard.
To prepare hot cereal: (1 serving/thick consistency*).
In small saucepan with 1 cup of rapidly boiling, salted water gradually add 1/3 cup scant of prepared brown rice cereal using a fork to stir well.
*For thinner consistency cereal, either increase amount of water, or reduce amount of cereal.
Continue to cook rice on high for about 30 seconds breaking up any lumps.
Reduce heat until boiling subsides, cover pan tightly and simmer for 10 minutes.
Serve with your favorite toppings if desired.
Season with salt if necessary.
My favorite additions are toasted nuts, raisins and cardamom!



Spray bottom and sides of a 13 x 9 inch pan with cooking spray.
In a 2-quart saucepan, heat sugar and corn syrup to boiling over med-high heat, stirring constantly.
Remove from heat; stir in peanut butter until melted.
In an extra-large bowl, stir cereal and peanut butter mixture with wooden spoon until cereal is evenly coated; stir in 1 cup of the candies.
Press cereal mixture in pan, immediately sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup candies; press in lightly with fingers.
Let stand about 30 minutes until cool; cut into 6 rows by 6 rows.



Combine carrots, water, and salt in crockpot.
Cover and cook on high 2 to 3 hours or until the carrots are done.
Drain well; stir in remaining ingredients.
Cover and cook on high 20 to 30 minutes.
Makes 5 to 6 servings.



Place in bread machine in order recommended by manufacturer.
Use setting you would use for wheat bread.



Mix cream cheese, flour & butter, then divide into 4 balls & wrap inaluminum foil ~ Refrigerate at least 6 hours.
When ready to work the dough, preheat oven to 375 degrees F (or 190 degrees C) & lightly grease & flour a cookie sheet (or enough to bake 24 rugelach).
Roll out each ball to 1/4" (or 6mm) thickness & about 10" (25 cm) in diameter or more.
Cut each circle into 10-12 wedges, then spread wedges thinly with jam.
Mix together cinnamon, sugar, raisins & walnuts, then spread this mixture over the jam on each wedge.
Mix together 1 tablespoon each of sugar & cinnamon & set aside.
Roll each wedge gently, starting at the wide part & ending at the point.
Place each rolled wedge on prepared cookie sheet(s), & sprinkle LIGHTLY with sugar/cinnamon mix.
Bake 30 minutes or untl golden brown, then cool before serving.



Mix all te ingrediants until you have a nice, shiny dough.
You might need to add a little more water or flour.
Take small amounts of it, kneat and form letters (or ornaments etc.
).
Place on baking tray and bake at 300 until golden brown, about 15 minutes.



Combine all ingredients in a gallon-sized ziplock bag.
Shake to coat.
Use right away, or allow to marinate in the fridge for up to several hours.
Grill chicken over medium heat 4-6 minutes per side.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
If using vacuum-packed chestnuts arrange them in a shallow baking pan in one layer and bake in upper third of oven 6 to 8 minutes, or until hot and outsides are dry.
If roasting chestnuts roast as per method below.
In a large bowl, sift together the confectioners' sugar and salt.
Add hot chestnuts to sugar mixture, tossing gently to coat, and put a rack over baking pan.
In a 3-quart saucepan heat 1 1/2 inches oil over moderate heat until a deep-fat thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches of 8, fry chestnuts 1 to 2 minutes, or until brown and crisp.
With a slotted spoon transfer chestnuts as fried to rack.
Return oil to 350 degrees F between batches and carefully skim caramelized sugar from surface of oil as necessary.
Chestnuts are best served immediately but may be made 1 hour ahead and kept, uncovered, at room temperature.



Combine all ingredients except honey in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Cook until cranberries burst and sauce begins to thicken.
Remove from heat and add the honey.
Stir well.
Pour into a bowl and cool in the refrigerator.
Allow flavors to mellow overnight.
*amounts of horseradish and honey can be adjusted to suit your taste.



Cream butter; add sugar gradually, beating well.
Add salt and continue beating, adding liquor drop by drop until you get a light and smooth texture.
Cover and chill in refrigerator until ready to serve.



In a small saucepan, heat the liqueur and orange juice over medium heat.
Stir in 1 3/4 cups strawberries.
Cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.
Stir in the sugar.
Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the berries soften.
Remove from the heat.
Stir in the remaining 1 3/4 cups strawberries.
Serve hot or pour into a small airtight container and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Substitute fresh blueberries for the strawberries and use 2 tablespoons of fresh orange juice.
Add 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon when stirring in the sugar.
(Per serving)
Calories: 33
Total fat: 0.0g
Saturated: 0.0g
Trans: 0.0g
Polyunsaturated: 0.0g
Monounsaturated: 0.0g
Cholesterol: 0mg
Sodium: 1mg
Carbohydrates: 7g
Fiber: 1g
Sugars: 5g
Protein: 0g
Calcium: 11mg
Potassium: 102mg
1/2 fruit
(Per serving)
Calories: 45
Total fat: 0.0g
Saturated: 0.0g
Trans: 0.0g
Polyunsaturated: 0.0g
Monounsaturated: 0.0g
Cholesterol: 0mg
Sodium: 1mg
Carbohydrates: 11g
Fiber: 2g
Sugars: 8g
Protein: 1g
Calcium: 6mg
Potassium: 58mg
1 fruit



Dissolve sugar in water; add shortening and milk.
Sift white flour, measure, and sift with salt and baking soda.
Add to first mixture.
Add graham flour.
Mix thoroughly.
Bake in well-oiled bread pan, in moderate oven (375 degrees F) 1 hour.



Mix all of the dry ingredients in a large bowl.
Stir in chocolate chips and raisins.
In a 4 cup measuring cup, wisk together the coconut oil, soy milk and maple syrup.
Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients and mix well.
Mixture may seem a bit dry.
Press firmly into a 9x13 pan.
Bake at 375 degrees for about 20 minutes.
Cool 10 minutes.
Cut into squares, but do not remove from pan until completely cool.



Line bottom and sides of 8 by 9 inch cake pan with foil.
Butter heavily.
Combine almonds, butter, sugar and corn syrup in 10 inch skillet.
Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture turns a golden brown; about 5 to 6 minutes.
Quickly spread candy in prepared pan.
Cool until firm.
Remove candy from pan by lifting edges of foil.
Break into pieces if desired.



Place all ingredients in food processor and mix, or in a bowl using a whisk.
Pour over meat of your choice and marinate, refrigerated, overnight (or at least 6 hours).



Microwave the first 3 ingredients for 1 1/2 minutes on high.
Add chocolate chips, if desired.
Serve warm over vanilla ice cream.
For a real treat use creamy hot fudge and peanut butter topping.
Garnish with whipped cream and cherry if desired.



Roast the unsalted cashews in the oven for about 6 minutes.
While they are roasting, mix the remaining ingredients in a bowl.
Toss roasted cashews with the seasoning mix.
Serve in a nice dish and add a couple of fresh rosemary sprigs.



Slice apples, toss with the lemon juice, and layer in a 9 x 9 baking dish.
Combine dry ingredients, and then use a fork to smash the butter throughout the mixture.
Spread on top of the apples.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes at 350 degrees or until top is browned and apples are tender.



Combine all ingredients in blender for about 1 minute.
Put chicken breasts and marinade in zip lock bag.
Seal air tight over night.



Serve each person 1-1/2 cups of pears with a hot cup tea or an ice-cold glass of seltzer.



Mix all ingredients together in a medium bowl.
Store in an airtight container in a cool dry place.
Makes about two cups.
If using for turkey, take a couple of handfuls and rub all over the turkey and inside the cavity.
Be very generous.
Do not worry that it would over power the turkey, it does not.
Store in refrigerator overnight.
See my recipe for liquid injection too.



Place butter and peanut butter into a large microwave-safe bowl.
Microwave on HIGH until butter melts (1 1/2 to 2 min.
); stir until blended.
Add remaining ingredients; stir until lumps of sugar disappear.
Microwave on HIGH until softened but not bubbly (1 to 1 1/2 min.
); stir.
Pour into buttered 8" square baking pan.
Cover and refrigerate until firm (at least 1 hour).
Cut into squares.
Store refrigerated.



Mix maple syrup, dried garlic, ginger, black pepper, and red pepper flakes in a bowl until thoroughly combined.
Let glaze stand about 10 minutes before glazing ham.



Combine flour, yeast, and 2 teaspoons white sugar together in a bowl.
Stir milk and water together in a microwave-safe bowl and heat until lukewarm, about 20 seconds.
Pour milk mixture into the flour mixture and mix with a fork until dough is evenly combined.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 2 minutes.
(Dough will be sticky.)
Add salt to the dough and knead until dough is smooth, 2 minutes more.
Shape dough into a ball, place on a floured surface, cover with a wet paper towel, and let rise for 10 minutes.
Mix brown sugar, 1/4 cup white sugar, walnuts, sesame seeds, and cinnamon together in a resealable plastic bag.
Close bag and shake until filling is evenly combined.
Roll dough into a cylinder, cut into 10 pieces and form each into a ball.
Roll each ball into a 5-inch circle using a rolling pin.
Place dough into the palm of your hand and spoon 2 tablespoons filling into the middle of the dough.
Wrap dough around filling, forming into a ball by taking 4 corners of dough, pinching together in the middle.
Take another 4 corners and pinch together, sealing completely.
Place balls, seam-side down, onto a floured surface.
Roll each ball into a 5-inch circle using a rolling pin, making sure filling stays in dough.
Place margarine in a skillet, spreading around with a paper towel; heat over medium heat.
Place dough in the melted margarine and cook until golden brown, 5 to 10 minutes per side.



Separate wings into drumettes and wings, discarding wing tips (or save those for stock).
In a small saucepan, heat and stir together all of the remaining ingredients except the oil.
Bring to a boil stirring constantly until mixture thickens.
Set aside.
Meanwhile heat oil in a deep sided heavy pot (oil should go about half way up the sides) to 350 degrees.
Make sure you leave plenty of room for the oil to expand.
Fry chicken in batches until done, about 8 minutes.Drain on paper towels.
In a large metal bowl, add about 1/4 cup of sauce to the bottom and then add wings on top.
Toss to coat in sauce and then sprinkle with sesame seeds.
Continue frying and coating until all the wings are done.
Serve and enjoy!



Measure liquid milk into a medium saucepan.
Add powder milk and stir to thoroughly combine.
Heat over medium heat to just starting to boil and immediately remove from heat.
Allow to cool 15 - 20 minutes before inserting thermometer (to prevent the milk from boiling up) and cool to 115 - 120 degrees.
( If the milk is to hot it will kill the live culture, if it's to cool it will not turn to yogurt.
).
While milk is cooling add boiling water to a large, wide mouth thermos and allow to warm.
When milk is cooled to proper temperature wisk in the live yogurt.
Pour water from thermos, add milk mixture and place top on thermos.
Set in a warm place and DO NOT disturb for 5 to 8 hours.
( I wrap mine in a clean towel and place on a heating pad.
).
For less tart yogurt let sit for 5 hours (this is for me), for a more tart yogurt let sit for 2 or 3 more hours.
Longer time makes tangier yogurt.
This makes a nice thick, custard like yogurt.
Can be served or used plain or add your own sweetner, fruit or used in any recipe calling for yogurt.



In a large bowl, combine warm water, yeast, salt, oil, sugar, and 4 cups flour.
Mix thoroughly, and let sponge rise until doubled in size.
Gradually add about 4 cups flour, kneading until smooth.
Place dough in a greased bowl, and turn several times to coat.
Cover with a damp cloth.
Allow to rise until doubled.
Punch down the dough, let it rest a few minutes.
Divide dough into three equal parts.
Shape into loaves, and place in three 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 inch greased bread pans.
Let rise until almost doubled.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 35 to 45 minutes.
The loaves may need to be covered for the last few minutes with foil to prevent excess browning.



Place the pickles and onions in a food processor; Cover and process until finely chopped.
Transfer to a bowl; stir in sugar and mustard.
Cover and store in the refrigertor for up to 1 week.



Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9-inch square baking dish with cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside.
In a large bowl using an electric mixer, beat the pumpkin, coconut oil, sugar, vanilla extract, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.
Beat in the egg until blended.
Add the flour mixture into the creamed mixture in three additions, alternating with the milk, beating after each addition until just combined.
Stir in maple syrup.
Spread the batter in the bottom of the baking dish.
Bake the cake for 20 minutes or until lightly golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean.
Remove cake from oven.
Let the cake cool completely.
In a bowl, add cream cheese, powdered sugar and cinnamon.
Beat until light and fluffy.
Add a teaspoon of milk at a time to get the consistency you desire.
Spread onto cake and cut cake into 12 slices.
Store in the refrigerator.



Preheat oven to 350.
MAKE DOUGH:.
In a food processor, pulse almonds until finely ground.
Add sugar, flour, zest (if desired), and salt; pulse until combined.
Add butter, pulsing until coarse crumbs form with no large butter lumps (dough should clump together when squeezed with fingers).
Immediately transfer dough to a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom.
Using a measuring cup, evenly press dough in bottom and up sides of pan.
Bake in center of oven until golden brown and firm to the touch, about 20 minutes.
Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour.
MAKE GANACHE:.
Place chocolate in a large mixing bowl.
In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil.
Pour hot cream, through a sieve, over chocolate.
Stir until smooth and creamy in texture.
Mix in vanilla.
Pour chocolate mixture into center of cooled tart shell (if chocolate is lumpy, pass through a sieve).
Let stand until set, about 2 hours, or chill for 1 hour.
Enjoy!



Sift together the all-purpose flour, cake flour, and salt into a large mixing bowl.
Dice 6 tablespoons of the chilled butter, (returning the remaining butter to the refrigerator to keep cold.)
Place the diced butter into the mixing bowl and using your fingers or a pastry blender, blend until the mixture forms a coarse meal, similar to a piecrust.
Make a well in the center of the mixture, add the water.
Gradually blend the water with the flour mixture, mixing just until a rough, sticky dough is formed.
Wrap dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Place the remaining butter on a work surface, (a marble surface is ideal).
Using a rolling pin or the heal of your hand, smash the butter into the surface until pliable, taking care not to over work the butter as it should stay chilled.
Work butter into a 5-inch square.
Remove the rested dough from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface.
Roll out dough into a 12-inch circle, being careful not to pull or tear the dough.
(The dough mixture may still be very rough and tacky.)
Place the butter square into the center of the circle and fold the edges of the dough over the butter, pressing to seal the edges.
You should now have a square of butter wrapped in dough.
Using a rolling pin, roll the square into a 16-by-8-inch rectangle.
(The dough may need to be pounded with the rolling pin several times to allow the butter to become more pliable.)
Be careful not to tear the dough.
Fold the rectangle 3 times as you would fold a business letter.
Place the rectangle in front of you lengthwise and roll into another 16 by 8-inch rectangle.
Fold again 3 times as you would a business letter and make 2 small indentations into the dough to remind yourself that it has been rolled twice.
Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Return the rested dough to a lightly floured surface and repeat the process of rolling the dough into a rectangle, making 3 business-letter folds, 2 times.
Make 4 small indentations into the dough to remind yourself that it has been rolled a total of 4 times.
Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
If desired, dough can rest refrigerated for up to 2 days at this point.
Remove the dough from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured work surface.
Roll into a 16 by 8-inch rectangle and fold 3 times, similar to a business letter.
Repeat process and make 6 small indentations into the dough.
Wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.
Now the pastry is ready to be rolled and used in the desired puff pastry recipe.



.Mix all ingredients together well in a small bowl.
Use to liberally top bagels as soon as they emerge from their water bath.
Store any leftovers in an airtight container; will keep up to two months.



In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients.
Stir well to thoroughly incorporate.
Pour into a large bottle or other container and store, refrigerated, for up to 2 weeks.



Pour the milk into a large pot, and heat until the temperature reaches 195 degrees F (90 degrees C), or almost boiling.
Stir constantly to prevent scorching on the bottom of the pot.
When the milk reaches the temperature, remove from the heat, and stir in the vinegar.
Let stand for 10 minutes.
Line a strainer with cheesecloth, and set over the sink or a large pot or bowl.
The milk should separate into a white solid part, and a yellowish liquid (whey).
Stir the salt into the milk, then pour through the cloth-lined strainer.
Let the curds continue to drain in the strainer for 1 hour.
Discard the whey.
After the cheese has finished draining, pat into a ball, and remove from the cheese cloth.
Wrap in plastic and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.
Fresh cheese will usually last about a week.



In large mixing bowl, dissolve sugar in warm water.
Sprinkle yeast over water and let stand for 10 minutes or until foamy.
Meanwhile, combine flours and salt.
Stir oil into foamy yeast mixture.
Stir in about half the flour mixture.
Add more flour, mixing until dough can be gathered into a slightly sticky ball (you may need a little more or less than 3 cups of flour).
On lightly floured surface, kneed dough for about 5 minutes or until smooth and elastic, adding more flour as necessary to prevent dough from stick to counter.
Cut dough in half; cover with waxed paper and let rest for 10 minutes.
On lightly floured surface, use a rolling pin to roll each piece of dough into a 12-inch circle, about 1/4 inch thick.
Transfer rounds to 2 lightly oiled pizza pans or baking sheets.
Carefully, using fingers, stretch dough into large circles.
Let dough rise for about 15 minutes before adding toppings.
For a thicker crust let dough rise for 30 minutes.
Add toppings just before baking.
Makes two 12 inch pizza rounds.



Mix all ingredients together.
Store in an airtight container until ready to use.



In a small bowl, combine cinnamon, nutmeg and cardamom.
Store in a sealed jar.



Put the semisweet and white chocolates into 2 separate heatproof medium bowls.
Fill 2 medium saucepans with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat.
Turn off the heat; set the bowls of chocolate over the water to melt.
Stir until smooth.
(Alternatively, melt the chocolates in a microwave at half power, for 1 minute, stir and then heat for another minute or until melted.)
Once the chocolates are melted and smooth, remove from the heat.
Line a sheet pan with parchment or waxed paper.
Holding the strawberry by the stem, dip the fruit into the dark chocolate, lift and twist slightly, letting any excess chocolate fall back into the bowl.
Set strawberries on the parchment paper.
Repeat with the rest of the strawberries.
Dip a fork in the white chocolate and drizzle the white chocolate over the dipped strawberries.
Set the strawberries aside until the chocolate sets, about 30 minutes.



Combine cream with buttermilk in hot, clean glass jar with a lid.
Cover tightly and shake gently to thoroughly mix.
Let stand in a warm place till thickened (24-48 hours).
Store, covered in refrigerator.
Stir before serving.
Use within three weeks.



fresh raw vegetables.
combine all ingredients and let stand in the refrigerator for a few hours before serving.
this dip will keep in refrigerator for several days.



In a large micro-wave safe glass bowl, heat butter for 50 seconds on high or until the butter is melted.
Whisk together the butter, flour and milk.
Add 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese.
Place bowl in microwave and cook on high for 1 1/2-2 minutes, whisking every 30 seconds or so, until sauce is thick and heated through.
Season with salt, if desired, and whisk until blended.



In a saucepan bring sugar, cocoa, margarine, milk, and salt to a rapid boil for 1 minute.
Add quick cooking oats, peanut butter, and vanilla; mix well.
Working quickly, drop by teaspoon-fulls onto waxed paper and let cool.



For the sauce: Carmelize the brown sugar and butter.
Add the water and boil for a few minutes.
Pour into a 2 quart casserole dish.
For the dumplings: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Cream butter and sugar.
Add milk.
Stir in flour, baking powder and salt.
Drop by spoonfuls into the sauce.
Bake for 20 - 30 minutes.



Layer ingredients in order given in a quart size wide-mouth canning jar.
Press each layer firmly in place making sure you really pack it down before you add the flour mixture, it will be a tight fit but it will work.
Attach these instructions to the jar:
Chocolate covered Raisin Cookies.
Empty cookie mix into large mixing bowl.
Use your hands to thoroughly blend mix.
Add: 1 stick butter or margarine, softened at room temp, 1 egg, slightly beaten, and 1 tsp vanilla.
Mix until completely blended.
You will need to finish mixing with your hands.
Shape into walnut sized balls.
Place 2 inches apart on a parchment-lined cookie sheet.
DO NOT USE WAXED PAPER.
Bake at 375F for 13 to 15 minutes until tops are very lightly browned.
Cool 5 minutes on baking sheet.
Remove cookies to racks to finish cooling.
Yield: 2 1/2 dozen cookies.



Mix everything in bowl until smooth.
Pour in greased 9x9 inch pan.
Bake at 350 degrees for 30-35 minutes.



Place all ingredients in a saucepan.
Heat over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the pineapple is cooked through and the sauce is thick and syrupy (about 5- 10 minutes).
Store sauce in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to a week (if it lasts that long).



Place sugar in a heavy-bottomed saucepan set over medium-high heat.
Stir continuously until sugar begins to melt.
Continue stirring until the sugar melts completely, begins to darken and all the chunks are dissolved, about 10 minutes.
Stop stirring and continue to cook until the sugar begins to smoke and turns a dark shade of amber, 3 to 8 minutes.
Remove from heat and wait 30 seconds.
Whisk in butter until melted and combined.
Slowly pour in 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon cream, taking care because it can bubble over.
Sprinkle in salt and stir to combine.
Transfer sauce to a jar and cool completely before refrigerating.



place all ingredients in blender and blend until it is your desired consistency.
Enjoy!



Combine all ingredients in blender on medium speed until smooth (about 2 minutes.)
Adjust juice for a thicker or soupier smoothie to your preference.
I normally funnel into 2 empty 16.9 oz.
water bottles and chill in the freezer for approximately 30 minutes.
Excellent on the go.



1.
Place the apples in a slow cooker.
In a medium bowl, mix the sugar, cinnamon, cloves and salt.
Pour the mixture over the apples in the slow cooker and mix well.
2.
Cover and cook on high 1 hour.
3.
Reduce heat to low and cook 9 to 11 hours, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thickened and dark brown.
4.
Uncover and continue cooking on low 1 hour.
Stir with a whisk, if desired, to increase smoothness.
5.
Spoon the mixture into sterile containers, cover and refrigerate or freeze.
Note: I have at times replace the sugar with ~ 3/4 Celsius honey.
It's better for you and tastes great.
My Note: I used Golden Delicious apples, and put them through the food processor VERY FINE before I started.
This way I didn't have any lumps, and didn't have to mess with hot butter later on.
We like really spicy apple butter, so I increased the spices a little, but then added 1/2 teaspoons ground allspice.
I also only used about 2 cups sugar.
Put it on before I went to bed, and then in the morning took the lid off and let it cook another few hours where I could watch it to get the consistancy I wanted.
(I checked it by putting a spoonful on a saucer and looking after it got cold to see if there was any water separation.
).
UPDATE: We found that the cooking time once the lid was removed needed to be longer.
I made one batch leaving the lid off for the suggested one hour and the butter was more like apple sauce.
I found some suggestions from an extension service.
They said To test for doneness, remove a spoonful and hold it away from steam for 2 minutes.
It is done if the butter remains mounded on the spoon.
Another way to determine when the butter is cooked adequately is to spoon a small quantity onto a plate.
When a rim of liquid does not separate around the edge of the butter, it is ready for canning.
Also in my first batch I reduced the amount of sugar as some suggested.
I think this was a mistake too.
The second batch was much better using the entire 4 cups.
UPDATE: I had no idea it was so easy to make apple butter.
I had a lot of apples on my trees this year.
I love this recipe but I did try a couple of variations.
I used just over one cup of sugar.
I liked it better a bit tart.
I cut the apples into chunks instead of small pieces and then put them in the crock-pot on high; I would add more apples as they cooked down so my crock-pot was full.
I let them cook, covered on high overnight.
After they got soft I removed the lid and let them cook down while I was at work (about 6 hours).
Since they were in chunks the thinner liquid made them not stick and burn like a thick liquid would have.
They reduced down to between 2/3 to 1/2 of a crock-pot.
When I got home I took my immersion blender and blended them up and the thickness was just about perfect.
I tried the saucer test for doneness.
I put them in my sterilized jars and put them in a hot water bath for 30 minutes.
Now I have my Christmas presents ready to go, cheap, fabulous and homemade!
It just doesnt get any easier.
I made this with pears also and it was good but not quite as good as the apple.
I also tried one batch with unpeeled apples and there is a huge difference.
Take the time to peel the apples.
I ended up making about five batches and each batch made about 9 half pints.
Like other users here, we think this is a bit too sweet -- ok, a lot too sweet.
I use nice, tart Fuji apples and about a cup of sugar.
Also, I find that I have to cook this down on the stove after it comes out of the crock if I want that nice, thick buttery texture, but it's worth it to start it in the crock because it gives it a sort of caramel aftertaste that's hard to get on the stove.
Remember: you can burn fruit butter, but you can't overcook it!
The longer you cook this stuff, the better it will be: if you get tired of it one night, put it in the fridge and cook it some more the next night!
My very best batch ever was cooked over three nights and canned the third.
I did not cut the sugar, I added 2 more pounds of apples instead.
I canned mine in a hot water bath, so I didn't have to put them in the freezer.
I saw on another site that said Jonathan, Golden Delicious, and Macintosh apples were good choices for apple butter.
10/14/1991 Ok, I've made 14 batches of this now.
This is literally the best recipe I have ever tried.
Using 1 cup of brown sugar for one of the cups of white sugar makes it much richer.
I have never had a problem with just whisking it to smoothness at the end (and I've used red delicious).
Also if you want a lot of apple butter for gifts or self.
Call your local orchard and ask about 2nds or windfall apples that you pick off the ground.
I purchased 2 bushels for $10 (88 pounds of apples).
Hence the 4 batches.
Let me tell you this is better than slaving over a stove ALL day!
TASTES SO GOOD!
Mom and I have used this old test also to check for the right consistency.
The method I prefer is to stand a wooden spoon straight up in the middle of my apple better.
Let go and if it remains straight up, your butter is done.
A few helpful hints for those that are making apple butter for the first time.
1.
Look at your choice of apples before peeling.
Some apples are tart, sweet, crisp, soft... some are ideal for baking and others for eating.
The sweeter the apple the less sugar you will want to put in your butter.
So make sure and taste your apple before you put your sugar and spices and everything nice in the pot.
2.
Peel, then use your kitchen gadget to core and slice at once.
No need to finely chop it will cook down then you can use a stick blender if you need.
3.
I use a cheap slow cooker and I have found that it takes longer for my butter to thicken up after the hour uncovered.
I cook mine uncovered on high for an hour, and then move to low for another hour or so.
Stir that bad boy and you can visually see when that butter is ready even before doing the test 4.
Do the Test, put your saucer in the freezer an hour or so before your butter is ready.
After taking the cold saucer out, put a small teaspoon of the butter on the plate.
If your butter is runny, then keep cooking, you are not ready to jar it up.
Once it mounds up and trust me you will know what I mean when you see it, then you can jar that yummy goodness up :D 5.
And last but not least, PLEASE, taste your butter as it is cooking.
Before you thicken it up you can add a lil of this and that to make it just perfect for YOUR tastebuds.



In a medium bowl, combine cabbage, carrots, celery and onion.
In small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, lemon pepper, horse- radish, sugar, vinegar and celery seed.
Add in to vegetable mix.
Mix well.
Cover and chill at least 1 hour.
Makes 6 (2/3 c.) servings.



Directions for crust: Combine these ingredients.
Mix well.
Pat meat mix into bottom and healthy pinch 1-inch flutings around the edges of greased 9-inch pie plate.
Set aside.
Directions for filling: Combine minute rice, tomato sauce, salt, water and half of cheese.
Spoon rice mix into meat shell.
Cover with aluminum foil.
Bake at 350 degrees for 25 min.
Uncover and sprinkle top with remaining cheese.
Return to oven and bake uncovered 10 to 15 min longer.



Boil above to 228 degrees.
Cold.
Brush 13 x 9 x 2 inch pan with butter.
Place 6 filo sheets in pan brushing each sheet with melted butter.
Sprinkle with thin layer of nut mix and cover with 2 filo sheets, brushing each with butter.
Alternate this way till all nut mix is used reserving 6 layers for the top.
Always butter between each sheet.
Cut pastry into diamond shapes.
Bake in slow (250 degree) oven for 2 hrs till lightly brown.
Remove from oven, pour cool syrup over warm pastry.
Take rack from oven, place over pan, cover with dish towel and then a blanket.
Let set 2 or possibly 3 days before using.



Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
Combine chili powder, 1 1/2 teaspooons parsley flakes, garlic and onion powders, salt and pepper in a bowl.
Place only half the zucchini in a lightly greased (with cooking spray, or a thin layer of butter) 6-cup casserole.
Or you can layer the pan with half the tomatoes.
Sprinkle the zucchini or the tomatoes with half of the seasoning mixture.
Repeat the layers.
Then combine the bread crumbs, oil and remaining parsley flakes.
Sprinkle over vegetables.
Do not cover the pan, and bake in the oven for about 40 minutes, or until the vegetables seem tender.
Take the pan out of the oven and enjoy!



In food processor, process flour and salt to mix.
Leave processor running and slowly pour water through top.
When dough forms a ball and bounces on top of the blades, it's done (may not need all water, or possibly may need more).
Roll out paper thin, cut into 9" triangles.
Place filling along one side and flop the 2 end points over to keep filling in.
Then roll like a crescent roll.
Fry in 1" oil in heavy skillet 2 to 3 min each side, till golden brown.



Quarter and cut carrots into 2 inch lengths.
In a skillet, bring carrots, sugar, water, butter and salt to a boil.
Reduce heat; simmer; partly covered for 6 minutes.
Cook uncovered over high, tossing often until tender, 3-4 minutes.
Season with pepper before serving.



sprinkle the yeast on the warm water in the mixer bowl, feed it 1/2 of the sugar and let rest for 15 minutes.
add 1/3 of the flour, the rest of the sugar and the oil to the water, whisk to incorporate and let rest for 30 minutes.
add the cereal mix and pumpkin seed to the remaining flour, mix well.
slowly add the rest of the flour with cereal and seeds to the mixing bowl on low speed.
mix with a dough attachment for 10 minutes: five minutes on low speed and 5 medium-high.
if the dough is too sticky, add some flour one tablespoon at the time - up to 1/3 cup - and keep mixing.
transfer the dough to a bowl, cover and let rest for 2-3 hours: if the air temperature is low, put it in the oven with the light on (or in the microwave).
transfer the dough to a working table flatten, fold three times (see pictures), shape in a roll of the size of the baking pan and roll over the seeds to coat.
an optional egg wash would help the seeds to stick to it.
transfer carefully to the baking pan and let rest for 30 minutes.
preheat the oven to 420F and bake for 35 minutes.



place apples in 1 quart casserole.
sprinkle with lemon juice.
microwave 2 1/2-4 minute.
combine remaining ingredients in another bowl.
microwave 1 1/2-3 1/2 min until bubbly.
stir and spread over apples.
microwave 4-6 minute until apples are tender.



Coat salmon with oil and bake at 375 for 20 minutes.
Cool to the touch and flake salmon.
In a bowl, combine salmon, onion, corn, green onions, salt and pepper.
Form into 12 patties.
Lightly coat both sides with cornmeal.
Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.
In a skillet, melt butter over medium and fry cakes until golden, 2-3 minutes per side.



Combine water and sugar in small bowl; stir to dissolve sugar.
Sprinkle yeast on top; stir to combine.
Let stand 5 to 10 minutes or until foamy.
Combine flour and salt in medium bowl.
Stir in yeast mixture.
Mix until mixture forms soft dough.
Remove dough to lightly floured surface.
Knead 5 minutes or until dough is smooth and elastic, adding additional flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed.
Place dough in medium bowl coated with nonstick cooking spray.
Turn dough in bowl so top is coated with cooking spray; cover with towel or plastic wrap.
Let rise in warm place 30 minutes or until doubled in bulk.
Punch dough down; place on lightly floured surface and knead about 2 minutes or until smooth.
Pat dough into flat disc about 7 inches in diameter.
Let rest 2 to 3 minutes.
Pat and gently stretch dough from edges until dough seems to not stretch anymore.
Let rest 2 to 3 minutes.
Continue patting and stretching until dough is 12 to 14 inches in diameter.
Spray 12- to 14-inch pizza pan with nonstick spray; sprinkle with commeal, if desired.
Press dough into pan.
Preheat oven to 5OOF.
Follow directions for individual recipes, baking pizza on bottom rack of oven.



Chop the cold butter and put it in a food processor bowl with the flour.
Pulse this mixture until the butter resembles chunks the size of olives.
Add the sour cream and pulse again until 'just' incorporated.
The mixture does not have to be perfectly smooth and uniform.
Turn onto a well-floured, cool surface and roll the dough into a rectangle.
cover and leave to rest in the fridge for 20 minutes.
Roll into the desired shape.
Rest again in the fridge.
Bake.



Combine the strawberries with the sugar in a serving container.
Let the mixture stand for about 30 minutes before serving (if you are planning to let them stand any longer than that, cover and refrigerate).
Serve in small dessert bowls or as suggested above.
Calories: 23
Total Fat: 0g
Protein: 0g
Carbohydrate: 5g
Cholesterol: 0mg
Sodium: 1mg



Preheat oven to 315 degrees F (157 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil.
Stir oats, almonds, cranberries, apricots, walnuts, and raisins together in a bowl.
Whisk honey and butter together in a bowl.
Drizzle honey mixture over oat mixture; toss to coat.
Spread oat mixture in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake granola in the preheated oven until lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes; cool in pan and break into pieces.



(Hand Method) Combine all of the ingredients, and mix them till you have a shaggy dough.
The dough will seem wet, but remember: wetter is better.
Let the dough rest, covered, for 20 minutes, then knead till smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.
Allow the dough to rise, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until its puffy and nearly doubled in bulk.
(Mixer Method) In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine all ingredients and mix them till you have a shaggy dough.
The dough will seem wet, but remember: wetter is better.
Let the dough rest for 20 minutes, then knead by machine until fairly smooth, about 10 minutes.
Allow dough to rise, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until its puffy and nearly doubled in bulk.
(Bread Machine Method) Place all ingredients in bread machine pan and set to dough cycle.
After the dough has risen, gently deflate the dough, shape it into a log, and place it in a lightly greased large (9x5 inch) bread pan or two small bread pans.
Cover the pan with a towel*(see note below) or lightly greased plastic wrap, and allow it to rise in a warm place for about 30 minutes-1 hour, till its crowned about 2 inches over the rim of the pan.
Preheat your oven to 350F about halfway through the rising time.
Bake the bread in a preheated 350F oven for 45 minutes or until it turns a deep brown and sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom.
Yield: 1.



Mix ingredients together.



Mix all the ingredients in a bowl; serve at once.
1 point for 1/2 cup.



Shake all ingredients together in a small jar with a lid.
You can also vigorously beat vinegar and oils together in a small bowl with a whisk or fork.
Once an emulsion forms, add the other ingredients and beat again.
Make sure to taste before dressing your salad and adjust vinegar/oil ratios to your liking.



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch-square metal baking pan, then line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on all 4 sides.
Pulse the flour, almonds, cocoa powder, cinnamon, salt and cayenne, if using, in a food processor until the almonds are finely ground.
Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer until light and fluffy.
Add the flour mixture and beat until just combined (the dough will be crumbly).
Press the dough into the bottom of the prepared pan (you can cover the dough with plastic wrap and use the bottom of a measuring cup to even it out).
Prick the dough all over with a fork, then use a sharp knife to cut it into 18 strips.
Top with almonds, lightly pressing them in.
Sprinkle with the raw sugar.
Refrigerate until the dough is firm, about 10 minutes.
Bake until the shortbread is slightly puffed and firm, 30 to 35 minutes.
Remove the pan from the oven and immediately retrace the strips with a knife; cool completely in the pan on a rack.
Lift up the parchment paper to remove the shortbread from the pan, then separate into bars.
Store in an airtight container up to 1 week.
Photograph by Steve Giralt



Place the apples in a medium serving bowl and sprinkle with sugar, lemon juice and salt.
Stir in the celery, dates and walnuts.
In a separate bowl, whip the cream with an electric mixer until it can hold a peak.
Mix in mayonnaise and gently fold into the apple mixture along with the marshmallows.
Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.



Prepare fish (rinse and pat dry) and put in a single layer in a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a bowl combine everything else except for cheese and then spread evenly over fish.
Bake at 425F for 20-25 minutes, or until opaque, and then sprinkle cheese on top and bake for an additional 2 minutes, or until cheese has melted.



In a small bowl, combine the maple sugar and butter and beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy: Stir in the pecans.
Spoon into a small bowl and serve or cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Combine honey, butter, and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in a small saucepan; bring to boil.
Cook and stir until butter is melted, about 2 minutes.
Place cashews in a large bowl; pour honey mixture over cashews.
Stir to thoroughly coat.
Spread coated cashews on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until cashews are glazed and very lightly browned, 10 to 15 minutes.
Cool cashews for about 20 minutes; transfer to a bowl.
Mix sugar and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in a bowl; sprinkle over cashews.
Stir to coat evenly.



Place chicken in a 13 by 9 inch baking dish.
Melt the butter in a saucepan on low heat.
Add the Dijon mustard and honey, stir well to incorporate.
Pour over chicken and bake at 350F (180C) for 45 minutes.
Serve over rice.



Using an electric mixer, blend together water, butter, sugar, and vanilla.
Add powdered milk and blend until thick.
Store in refrigerator for up to 1 week.



In a bowl, combine the first five ingredients; set aside.
Arrange apple in an ungreased 13 x 9 x 2 inch baking dish.
Combine flour, cinnamon, ginger and cardamom; stir into the apricot mixture.
Spoon over apples.
Combine TOPPING ingredients; sprinkle over fruit.
Bake at 350 F.
for 50 to 60 minutes or until topping is golden brown and fruit is tender.
Yield: 12 servings.
Country Woman.



Mix all ingredients.
Store in refrigerator.
Keeps a very long time.



Add the soup stock to your slow cooker and turn it on.
If you're cooking this on low, 6 to 8 hours is perfect.
Add the rest of the ingredients and set the crock and let it cook.
I always check the soup about 1/2 way through cooking as I've found at times the soups is done sooner then the time stated.
Bon Appetit.



Mix together all ingredients until lumpy.
Pour into muffin tins.
BAke at 350 for 15 to 20 minute Let cool.



Preheat oven to 350F (180C) Lightly spray an 8" square baking pan with non stick spray.
In a large bowl, combine all ingredients.
Mix well, Place in prepared pan.
Bake uncovered 45 minutes.



Cut off the stem end of the Brussels sprouts and remove any yellowing outer leaves.
Cut each Brussels sprout in half from top to bottom.
Place the Brussels sprouts, water and salt into a 3 to 4-quart saucier and cover.
Place over high heat and cook for 5 minutes or until tender.
Remove and serve immediately.



Heat up a small bowl (I just run hot water over it).
Put the honey, brown sugar, water into bowl and sprinkle yeast in and set aside for 10 minutes.
In the meantime, mix all dry ingredients well in large bowl and then mix in butter (I did this with my hands -- it was fun!
).
Make a well in the center and pour yeast mixture into it, then stir well.
Turn out onto lightly floured board and knead lightly for 5-7 minutes, incorporating the extra flour bit by bit.
Add as little possible flour to work with it, the dough will feel semi-sticky.
Knead into a ball and set in a large greased bowl and turn to grease the dough.
Let rise 1 hour.
Punch down dough and shape into loaf (knead lightly).
Put into lightly greased loaf pan and let rise 45 minutes.
Bake at 375 until internal temperature is 180-190 (about 45 minutes).
Temperature is very important when making yeast bread so make sure you use a thermometer whenever a temperature is listed, and a temperature gauge for your oven is ideal as well.
My oven heats a whole 100 more than the dial says!



Mix all ingredients in mixing bowl beating about 2 minutes.
Pour into 9 x 13 inch prepared cake pan.
Bake at 350 degrees (175 C.) for 35 minutes



Sift the flour, cornstarch, powdered sugar and salt.
Blend in the butter, to form a smooth mixture, stir in the vanilla.
Divide the dough into 2 portions, roll, or pat, each portion into a 1/2" thick round.
Outline six wedges into each round, with the tines of a fork.
Place on a buttered, or parchment lined, cookie sheet.
Bake 325 degrees, 20-25 minutes.
Cool on wire racks.
"Decorate tops with almonds, bits of cherries, angelica or citron", if desired.
(I never do.
).
When cool, separate along the fork-outlined wedge lines.
Store in an airtight container,.



Scoop ice cream into a tall glass.
Pour eggnog over the top.
Grate nutmeg into the glass.
Stir with a spoon until it's all mixed up.
It'll be pretty thick, but I like my milkshakes spoonable.
If you prefer something you can drink out of a straw, add more eggnog, 1/4 of a cup at a time.



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (f).
Mix all of the dry ingerdients together.
Stir in the wet ingredients.
Place cupcake wrappers in a cupcake pan, and then fill the wrappers about 1/2 way with the batter.
Bake for approximately 25 minutes.



In a large mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients and 1/2 of the water.
Mix together with your hands and continue adding water into the dough till it forms a solid ball, but is not too sticky.
If necessary, add in additional flour or possibly water as needed.
Knead the dough on a floured board for 5 min.
Cut the dough in half and then in half again, continuing the process till you have 8 equal portions.
Roll each piece into a ball, place them on a lightly floured surface, and cover with a damp towel.
Heat a griddle or possibly cast iron pan to medium heat.
Roll out the dough, one piece at a time to about 1/4 inch thickness.
Place one round of dough on the griddle and cook on each side for about 30 seconds.
Take care which the griddle is not too warm or possibly the tortillas will scorch.
Continue the process with the remaining 7 portions of dough.
The cooked tortillas will keep for two weeks in the refrigerator or possibly up to six months in the freezer.
Makes 8 large tortillas.



Dissolve cornstarch and sugar in 1/4 cup of the milk.
Bring remaining milk to a boil.
Slowly pour dissolved starch and sugar into boiling milk, stirring constantly with a whisk, until the whole mixture is incorporated.
Cook until mixture thickens, stirring constantly, then remove from heat and let cool a little, still stirring.
Fold in the nut butter, mix well and divide pudding into 3 small bowls.
Let cool, then refridgerate.
Serve with whipped topping, fruit sauce, pears in red wine or roasted plums.



In a food processor or blender, puree the Parmesan, basil, pine nuts and garlic.
Slowly add the olive oil, Processing continuously.
Add the balsamic vinegar and pulse to combine.



Add almonds to a food processor and blend until smooth.
Add in the rest of the ingredients, ending by streaming in the canola oil.
Pulse to combine.
Blend until smooth.



Mix all together and bring to a boil.
Marinade meat for 2-3 hrs.
When grilling, add in melted butter to marinade and brush on vegetables.



In a 2-quart saucepan, boil the apple cider until it reduces to 1/4 cup.
It should take about 30 minutes on high.
Meanwhile, line a 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pan with parchment paper, and spray it with cooking spray.
Once the cider is reduced, lower the heat and add the butter, sugars, and heavy cream.
Raise the heat and bring the mixture to 255 degrees F over medium-high heat.
Use a candy thermometer to ensure the proper temperature.
Immediately stir in the cinnamon and salt.
Then, pour the mixture into the prepared loaf pan.
Let the mixture chill for 1 hour in the fridge.
Slice it with a knife into bite-sized pieces.
Recipe scaled down from Smitten Kitchens Apple Cider Caramels.



Fill the milk into a bowl, stir in the lemon juice and let stand on the kitchen counter overnight, about 16 hours.
After 16 hours, it should have turned into soured milk.
Slowly heat the soured milk to no more than 122 F (50 C) until the whey starts to seperate from the solids.
Let cool and pour into a sieve lined with a cheesecloth.
Let drip for 12 hours, then press out any remaining liquid and strain the quark through a sive (it get smoother then).



Mix the coconut and cinnamon in a small bowl and set aside for rolling.
Put all other ingredients in a food processor, and slowly add in the orange juice if it doesnt bind together completely.
Roll into small balls and coat with the coconut mixture.
Store in a sealed glass container in the fridge.



Add all ingredients in a shaker or blender and shake/blend until mixed well.



Place hulled strawberries in heavy large saucepan and mash coarsely.
Cook strawberries over medium heat until beginning to thicken, stirring frequently, about 6 minutes.
Reduce heat to low.
Add 2 cups sugar and stir until dissolved.
Increase heat to medium and boil gently until mixture thickens and mounds on spoon, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes.
Remove saucepan from heat.
Cool.
(Preserves can be prepared 1 week ahead.
Refrigerate in airtight container.)



Whisk together confectioner's sugar, orange juice, and orange zest.
Drizzle glaze over cake and serve.



In a large bowl, combine potatoes, sour cream, cream cheese, chives and garlic.
Turn into a greased 2 qt.
casserole dish.
Combine bread crumbs with butter; sprinkle over potatoes.
Bake at 350F for 50-60 minutes.
Top with cheese and serve immediately.
Dish can be assembled a day ahead and baked just before serving.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees; butter a heavy 9-inch skillet with an oven-proof handle.
In a bowl, stir together the buttermilk, raisins, caraway seeds, and baking soda.
In a separate large electric mixing bowl, beat together the butter and sugar, then stir in the buttermilk mixture.
In another bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
With the mixer running on medium low, gradually add the flour mixture to the other mixed ingredients in the bowl until incorporated; do not overmix.
Pour the batter into the buttered skillet and bake at 350 degrees for 60 minutes.
Place a clean towel on a flat surface and carefully turn the bread out onto the towel; let stand for 30 minutes.
Cut into wedges and serve warm with soft butter for spreading.



Mix well and let it sit for a half hour to meld the flavors.



Combine all 3 ingredients.
mix well.
serve with tortilla chips, or try on a salad.
Yummo!



Melt butter.
Stir in cocoa.
Alternately add powdered sugar and milk, beating to spreading consistency.
Add a small amount of additional milk, if needed.
Stir in vanilla.
Tip: If the frosting is too thin to spread or pipe, you can put it in the refrigerator to thicken for a little bit, take it out, and then stir so it becomes creamy again.



Break up the chocolate and transfer to the top of a large double boiler.
Add 1/2 cup milk.
Stir over hot water over moderate heat, until chocolate is melted and smooth.
Gradually add remaining milk and whisk until smooth.
Cook, uncovered, over moderate heat, stirring and scraping frequently, for about 30 minutes.
Remove from top of double boiler and stir occasionally until cool.
Refrigerate overnight.
Before freezing in ice cream maker, stir again to make sure ingredients are mixed.
Transfer to ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturer's directions.



In a medium bowl, combine the paprika, cayenne pepper, ground black pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, oregano, and thyme.
Mix well, and store in a cool, dry place in an airtight container.



Add ice to a highball glass, pour tangerine juice.
Top with vodka and garnish with Halloween candy on a swizzle stick.



Melt chocolate in large bowl set over pot of simmering water, stirring frequently until smooth.
Add cinnamon and pumpkin pie spice and whisk to combine.
Add popcorn and toss using two wooden spoons until well coated, about 30 seconds.
Add apples and cranberries and stir to combine.
Transfer mixture to to a parchment paper-lined rimmed baking sheet, using back of spoon to spread evenly over entire surface.
Chill in refrigerator for at least one hour.
Using hands, break into small pieces and serve.
Store for up to 3 days in covered container.



Add ingredients into baking pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Insert pan into the oven chamber.
Select Sweet Cycle.
Remove bread from oven when baking cycle complete; cool on wire rack.
Serve the day it is made.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a nonstick skillet, saute broccoli and onion in a small amount of water until tender.
(Keep adding water.)
Drain and set aside.
In a bowl, combine eggs, skim milk, and 3/4 cup of the cheese; mix well.
Stir in the broccoli and onion.
Add the pepper.
Spray a 1 1/2-quart baking dish with nonstick spray.
Pour the mixture into the baking dish.
Freeze & thaw when ready, or go ahead and:.
Set the dish into a larger pan filled with about 1 inch of water.
Bake uncovered for about 45 minutes.
(When a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, it is done.)
Remove from the oven and top with remaining cheese.
Let stand about 10 minutes before serving.



Mix together sugar, cinnamon, ginger, and anise seeds.
In a large bowl, mix flour, baking powder, sugar mixture, salt, milk, and applesauce.
Do not overbeat.
Stir in diced apples.
Spoon batter into 12 greased muffin cups.
Bake at 400 degrees F (205 degrees C) for 20 to 25 minutes, or until tops spring back when lightly touched.
Serve after muffins have cooled a bit, about 30 minutes.



Butter a 9x13 inch pan.
Pour the sugar, syrup, and peanut butter into a large microwave bowl.
Microwave on high until it begins to bubble, two to three minutes.
Once the mixture is boiling, remove from the microwave oven, and stir in the cereal and chocolate chips until coated.
Pour the mixture into the prepared pan.
Wet hands, sling off the excess water, and press down the treats until smoothed.
Let cool, and cut into squares.



Melt the butter over a gentle heat.
Add the onions and cook in a covered saucepan over a low heat until really soft but not browned.
Season with salt and freshly ground pepper.
Stir in the flour, add the milk and simmer gently for an additional 5 minutes until thickened.
This sauce keeps for 3-4 days covered in the fridge.
Variation: Onion and Mint Sauce.
Add 2-3 tablespoons freshly chopped mint to the Onion Sauce before serving.



Have all ingredients at room temperature.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the flat beater, beat together the confectioners' sugar, butter, the 2 tablespoons milk, the vanilla and salt on low speed until combined, about 1 minute.
Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl.
Increase the speed to medium and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes.
If the frosting is dry, add more milk, a tablespoon at a time, until it is creamy but still holds peaks.



Position the oven racks in the upper-and lower-third shelves and preheat the oven to 375F.
Use some of the melted butter to generously grease two cushioned cookie sheets.
Reserve any remaining melted butter.
Pour 3/4 cup granulated sugar on a doubled paper towel that sits on your counter.
Use some of the reserved melted butter to generously grease the bottom of the outside of a wide drinking glass, and plant the buttered surface directly in the sugar, pressing down, and leave it in the sugar until needed.
Put four wire cooling racks on your counter and place two long overlapping sheets of waxed paper under two of the racks (these will be for the tops of the cookies).
Use an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, or a handheld mixer, to cream the 1 cup softened butter with the remaining 1 cup of sugar until light and creamy.
Add the peanut butter and combine well.
Turn off the machine and add the flour.
With the machine on the lowest setting, mix the dough until fully combined, without overworking it.
Form walnut-size balls of dough and place them 1 1/2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets.
(You should be able to bake 9 to 12 cookies on each sheet, if using a 2 1/2-inch cookie cutter.)
Lift the buttered and sugared glass and press down on each ball of dough, flattening it to 1/4 inch thick.
After flattening each portion of dough, rub the greased glass in the sugar before flattening the next.
(If the sugared surface gets clumpy, wipe it off and reapply some melted butter and sugar.)
Use a clean pastry brush to gently remove any excess sugar from the tops of the flattened cookie dough.
Use a 2 1/2-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter to cut out hearts from the flattened dough.
Before removing the cutter, use your finger to remove the excess cookie dough, and place these scraps back in the original bowl.
Insert a small cutter or a thimble into half (or a few more) of the shaped cookies and rotate the cutter in a circular motion to widen the hole slightly.
Lift out the cutter and, using the pointed tip of a short paring knife, pick the dough out of the hole.
Put these pieces of dough back into the bowl with the other scraps.
When the cookie sheets are full, transfer them to both levels of the oven and bake for 6 to 9 minutes, switching their positions after half the baking time.
Check after 6 minutes.
When done, the cookies will be slightly more golden around the edges but the tops should be only a light golden color.
Remove the sheets from the oven and place the sheets with cookies with holes on the wire racks set over waxed paper.
Place the sheets with uncut cookies on the two other racks and let them all cool for 10 minutes.
Using a very thin metal turning spatula, carefully transfer the cookies to their wire racks to cool further.
(Wipe off the spatula after removing each cookie from the sheet.)
Cool, clean, and grease the cookie sheets and repeat the above procedure until all of the cookie dough has been used.
Once completely cool, assemble the sandwiches.
First, generously sift the confectioners sugar over the cookies with holes.
Lift and turn a hole-free cookie flat side up, and spoon a generous teaspoon of jam in the center.
Carefully lift a top sugared cookie and (gently now) lay it, sugared side up, on top of the jam, applying only the slightest bit of wiggling pressure so the jam plumps up through the hole.
Place the assembled sandwich cookie back on its rack while you continue to assemble the rest.
If serving soon, use a thin metal spatula to transfer the cookies to a decorative serving platter.
If serving later in the day of baking, or the next day, carefully transfer the cookies to a deep rectangular container (like a large roasting pan) to protect their appearance.
Cover the pan securely with aluminum foil and leave it at room temperature.
Chocolate-Filled Hearts:
Melt 12 ounces of semisweet or milk chocolate in either the top of a double boiler over barely simmering water, stirring constantly, or in a microwave (uncovered) for 1 minute on high power, stirring after heating until smooth.
Apply the chocolate as you would jam to the flat side of a cookie and sandwich them as directed.



Put it all in a blender and blend !



Mix the chocolate pudding and skim milk together.
Blend using a hand mixer or blender.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
For the sweet potatoes:
Drain pineapple reserving the juice.
Set the pineapple aside.
Mix the juice with the mashed sweet potatoes, granulated sugar, melted butter,vanilla, 1 teaspoon of the pumpkin pie spice and the Saigon cinnamon.
Pour into lightly greased 2 quart baking dish.
Top with crushed pineapple.
For the glaze:
Mix the brown sugar, 1/2 cup butter, and the remaining teaspoon of the pumpkin pie spice in a small saucepan.
Cook and stir over medium heat, just until sugar dissolves then add in pecans or walnuts.
Spoon over sweet potato and pineapple mixture and sprinkle lightly with about 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg.
Bake 35-45 minutes until lightly browned and heated through.
To save time you can make this a few days in advance, and freeze it.
Just pull it from the freezer to thaw about 2 hours before cooking .
(I use an aluminum foil baking pan.)



In the top of a double boiler, combine rice, sugar, milk, and cinnamon.
Stirring constantly, cook over lightly simmering water for 1 1/2 hours.
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Spread coconut evenly over a cookie sheet; bake for 5 minutes, or until just beginning to turn golden brown.
Stir vanilla into rice pudding, and remove pan from heat.
Divide into bowls, and top with toasted coconut.
Serve warm, or chill if desired.



In a large bowl, lightly mix all ingredients until just combined.
Overmixing will make the pancakes tough.
Leave mixture on the counter to rest for 3-5 minutes and then fold it onto itself two or three times, lightly to make sure that the batter is fairly well incorporated.
Cook on a greased skillet or griddle over medium to medium high heat until golden.
If there are large lumps, carefully break them apart with the spatula while the pancakes are cooking.
Serve immediately.



Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Line a 12 cup muffin pan with paper muffin liners, and spray liners with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, mix the oat bran, flour, brown sugar, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt.
In a separate bowl, blend the applesauce, egg substitute, canola oil, and vanilla extract.
Thoroughly mix the applesauce mixture into the flour mixture.
Fold in the blueberries and pecans.
Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups.
Sprinkle batter with granola, and press granola lightly to make it stick.
Bake 18 minutes in the preheated oven, or until a toothpick inserted into a muffin comes out clean.
Cool on a wire rack.



Whisk all ingredients in a bowl until combined.
Place in container of ice cream freezer and freeze according to manufacturers instructions.



Place the ingredients in the bread pan in the order recommended by your machine's manufacturer.
Process on the Basic cycle.
This recipe yields a 1 1/2 lb.
loaf.
Yield: 1 loaf



In a bowl mix water and rice
Cook 5 minutes Uncovered
Quick stir
Cook 20 minutes covered
Rinse and drain
Enjoy



Heat oven to 350F Chop artichokes and mix with grated parmesan cheese, sour cream and mayonnaise.
Spray 2 quart casserole with nonstick cooking spray.
Place half of Simply Potatoes in thin layer.
Top with half of artichoke mix.
Repeat layer with remaining potatoes and artichoke mix.
Cover and bake 35 minutes Uncover and keep baking 10 minutes.



TOPPING: Mix flour, brown sugar and cinnamon.
Cut in butter.
Sprinkle on top of unbaked pie.
Bake pie at 375 degrees for 20 minutes, then at 325 degrees for 30 additional minutes.



Chop up 7 oz of chocolate of your choice.
Put in a double boiler and heat until melted.
Add the rice crispy cereal and mix well to coat the rice crispies.
Add anything else you want into the mix.
Spread in a greased 9x13" pan.
Put in the fridge to set up.
Cut and eat.
Bon Appetit!



Cook noodles according to package directions, omitting salt and fat.
Drain; rinse with cold water.
Combine noodles, shredded cabbage, carrot, 1/2 c green onions, and shrimp in a large bowl.
Combine soy sauce and next 4 ingredients in a small bowl, stir with whisk until blended.
Add soy sauce mixture to noodle mixture, tossing gently to coat.
Sprinkle with 1/4 c green onions and peanuts.



Measure the 8 cups of frozen strawberries (or peaches or whatever) into a LARGE blender pitcher.
(If you don't have a huge blender, just halve the recipe - you'll just be making it more often is all!
).
Pour in the rest of the ingredients.
Blend until perfectly smooth.
Enjoy in a large, fancy glass!



For microwave: In a small bowl, combine the chocolate chips and the canola oil.
Heat on High for 3 minutes, depending on your microwave.
Stir well.
For double boiler:.
Combine chocolate chips and canola oil in top of double boiler.
Melt very slowly, stirring occasionally until all of chocolate is melted and combined with the oil.
After chocolate is melted, pour into an ordinary squeeze bottle (I found a package of 3 meant for mayonnaise, mustard and ketchup at Wal-Mart).
Make sure lid is SECURELY attached.
Ask me why this is important!
Squeeze the bottle and decorate to your heart's content.



Mix these ingredients together and store in tight container until ready to use.
use 1 1/2 cups of this mixture.
1 egg slightly beaten, 1 cup water and 3 tbsp oil.
Mix well and pour on hot griddle that has been lightly oiled.
I am not sure how many this will make so I am going to start with a yield of 20, may be more or less.



Combine all ingredients and refrigeratefor several hrs in the refrigerator.
This is the preferred salsa for tacos on southern Arizona ranches.
Makes 3&1/2 c.



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Combine the water, sugar, apples, raisins, butter, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves in a saucepan; bring to a boil.
Remove the pan from the heat and cool completely.
In a large bowl, stir the nuts and baking soda into the flour.
Add the cooled mixture to the bowl, and stir until blended.
Fill greased miniature muffin tins with batter to the top.
Bake for 15 minutes.



Mix all ingredients well.
Store in tightly covered can or container.
Use in any recipe calling for self-rising cornmeal.



For the cookies:
Position rack in center of oven; preheat to 350F.
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a nonstick baking mat.
Process almonds in a blender in 2 batches until finely ground.
Transfer to a large bowl and add flour, butter, sugar and salt.
Knead the mixture with your hands until well blended.
Gather the dough into a ball; divide it into 2 portions.
Working with one portion at one time, roll the dough between 2 sheets of wax paper until 18 inch thick.
Cut out cookies using a 2-inch circular cookie cutter.
Using a metal spatula, place them 1/2 inch apart on the prepared baking sheet.
(If you like, cut out the centers of half the cookies using a 1-inch any kind of shape cutter.)
Gather the scraps, reroll and continue cutting out cookies until the dough is finished.
Then the second portion of dough.
Bake the cookies, one batch at one time, until puffed and beginning to color, 10 minutes.
Cool on the pans for 3 minutes before transferring to a wire rack.
For the filling and glazing cookies:
Spread preserves on half the cookies; top with the remaining cookies to make sandwiches.
Melt chocolate and 1 tablespoon butter in a double boiler over hot water.
Change the heat to the low temperature to keep the chocolate melted; stir in milk and corn syrup until smooth.
Line 2 or 3 baking sheets with wax paper.
Dip each sandwich cookie halfway into the chocolate, then place on the wax paper.
When all the cookies are dipped, refrigerate until the chocolate has set, at least 1 hour or longer.
Serve.



Combine first 8 ingredients in a large bowl.
Transfer to an 11x7x2 baking dish.
Bake, uncovered, at 350 for 25-30 minutes or until edges are bubbly and lightly browned.
Serve with crackers, bread sticks, and/or French bread.



Preheat the oven at 425F/220C.
Cut your potatoes in 1/4 inch slices.
In a big bowl combine all the ingredients and coat potatoes well.
Prepare your baking mold with foil and line the potatoes on it.
Bake 45 minutes at 425F/220C C or until golden roasted.
Place in bowl and serve immediately.



Place water, sugar, salt, oil, flour and yeast into pan of bread machine.
Bake on White Bread setting.
Cool on wire racks before slicing.



Combine the cabbage, red bell pepper, green onion, jalapeno pepper, cilantro, canola oil, lime juice, rice wine vinegar, sugar, salt and cumin seeds in a large bowl; mix well.
Cover and refrigerate for several hours to allow the flavors to develop.
Prepare an ice water bath by filling a medium bowl with ice cubes and water.
Fill a medium saucepan two thirds with water and bring to a boil over high heat.
Blanch sugar snap peas for about 1 minute; remove with slotted spoon into the ice water bath.
Drop corn in same boiling water and cook about 5 minutes; remove to ice water bath.
Drain veggies and dry with paper toweling.
Cut the kernals from the corn and add to the cabbage.
Add peas to cabbage and toss just before serving.
NOTE: To toast cumin seeds, heat a small dry skillet over medium heat.
Add the seeds and toast, shaking the pan occasionally, for 1 to 2 minutes, until fragrant.
Transfer to a bowl to cool completely.



Combine all of the ingredients except for the water in a bowl.
Pour in some water warmed to 40C, and mix everything together.
Once the dough has come together, tip it out onto a surface.
Knead the dough for a few minutes, rubbing and stretching the dough along the surface of the counter.
Once the surface of the dough has become smooth, push into it with your fingers to check the elasticity, and separate into 3 equal pieces.
Shape each piece into a ball, cover with a damp cloth and rest the dough for about 10 minutes.
Place the dough seam-side up and roll the dough out into an approximate 15x20 cm oval with a rolling pin or similar.
Roll the dough tightly away from you to create a baton shape.
Flatten one end of the dough and form a donut shape, resting the other end on top of the flat part of the dough.
Securely pinch the 2 ends together, cover with a damp cloth and leave to rest for an additional 20 minutes.
Boil some water in a pan.
Use a low heat, so that they water looks like it's somewhere between boiling and not boiling, then boil each side of the bagel for 30 seconds.
Pat dry the bagels and place them on a baking tray (do this step as quickly as possible) then place the tray in an oven preheated to 200C, and bake for 15-20 minutes.



Preheat oven to 350.
Prepare baking sheets.
Combine flour, baking soda and salt in a bowl and set aside.
Combine the egg replacer with the warm water and add to brown sugar, maple syrup corn oil and vanilla and mix until blended.
Add dry ingredients and mix until combined.
Add chocolate chips and mix.
Drop with a spoon onto baking sheets 2 inches apart.
Bake for 15 to 18 minutes.



In a sauce pan boil milk.
Slowly pour condensed milk and keep string.
Stir and cook on medium heat until milk thickened.
Now add sugar, almonds, pistachio, nutmeg powder and cardamom powder.
Cook again for 15-20 minute again.
Take it off the heat and put aside for 15 minutes.
Pour the mixture into the ice cream mold or in a stainless steel bowl to make kulfa ice cream.
Put ice cream filled molds in the freezer.
After 45 minutes open up ice cream molds and stir well so that no icicles remain there.
Freeze again till hard.



Put all the ingredients in a blender and puree, stopping once or twice to scrape down the sides of the container with a rubber spatula, until the tofu is completely smooth and evenly colored.
This could take several minutes; add 1 or 2 tablespoons of water if necessary to help the machine do its work.
Taste and adjust the seasoning with more salt or vinegar if necessary.
Use right away (or transfer to a jar and refrigerate for up to 1 week).
Note: To make the Creamy Basil Sauce, skip the Dijon and add 1 cup fresh basil, packed, before pureeing.



These are very easy.
Anyone can make this bread.
Combine together: 1/4 c. very hot but not warm water 1/2 teaspoon sugar
Set aside.
Combine together: 1/4 c. shortening 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 c. scalded lowfat milk (bring to boil)
Cold, then add in: Yeast combination 3 1/2 c. flour
Let dough rise in a hot place for 1 hour or possibly till double in size.
Knead and cut out rolls or possibly donuts, or possibly shape into a loaf of bread.
Recipe makes 1 loaf.
Place rolls or possibly donuts on a greased cookie sheet or possibly place loaf into a greased loaf pan.
Let dough rise again for 30 min or possibly till double in size.
For rolls, bake in a 425 degree oven for 10 min.
For donuts, fry in vegetable oil till golden.
For bread, bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 40 min or possibly till loaf sounds hollow when thumped with finger tips.
Glaze recipe follows.



Prepare a large cookie sheet or jelly roll pan by coating it with butter.
Melt butter in a heavy 2-quart saucepan.
Add sugar, corn syrup and water and cook until hard crack stage (300 degrees F or, as Mom says, cook until it is the same color as an old penny).
Immediately pour onto prepared pan.
Wait only a couple minutes for it to solidify then, while its still warm, spread milk chocolate on top.
Allow the heat of the toffee to melt the chocolate then spread chocolate with a spatula.
Sprinkle almonds on top and lightly press into melted chocolate.
When completely cool, break into pieces and store in a covered container.



Combine first 6 ingredients in a large nonstick skillet; bring to a boil.
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 2 minutes.
Uncover and cook 10 minutes or until liquid almost evaporates, stirring occasionally.
Stir in chives, salt, and pepper.



Preheat the oven to 350F (175C).
Line a baking sheet with foil, spread the oats evenly on the sheet, and bake for 10 minutes, stirring once or twice while baking, until the oats are fragrant and nicely toasted.
Remove from the oven.
Spread the sugar in a medium, heavy-bottomed skillet and cook over medium heat, watching it carefully.
When it begins to liquefy and darken at the edges, use a heatproof spatula to stir it very gently, encouraging the heat of the liquefied sugar around the edges to moisten and melt the sugar crystals in the center.
Tilt the pan and stir gently until all the sugar is melted and the caramel begins to smoke.
Once the mixture is deep golden, remove it from the heat and immediately add the oats to the skillet (lift the foil to guide them in quickly).
Return the foil to the baking sheet.
Stir the oats gently but quickly, coating them with the caramel.
Scrape the oats onto the foil-lined baking sheet and spread them as well as possible.
Sprinkle with the salt and let cool completely.
Once firm, break the pralined oats into small pieces by pulsing them in a food processor or placing the pieces in a heavy-duty plastic bag and smacking them with a mallet or rolling pin.
Fold the Oatmeal Praline pieces into 1 quart (1 liter) of ice cream as you remove it from the machine.
The Oatmeal Praline can be stored for up to 1 week in an airtight container in the freezer or at room temperature.



In a saucepan, mix together cream and flour.
Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thickened.
Remove from heat and cool.
Using an electric mixer, beat in the butter, confectioners' sugar and vanilla.
Continue to beat on high speed for 6 minutes, or until frosting reaches spreading consistency.



In small bowl stir together Dijon-style mustard blend and dry mustard until well combined.
Gently stir in tomatoes.
Cover and refrigerate up to 24 hours.
Note: To peel tomatoes easily: using kitchen tongs or a fork, gently lower tomato into boiling water for 30 seconds or until skins split.
Dip in cold water or rinse under a running faucet.
Remove skin.



Place ingredients into blender or hand mixer, blend till smooth.
Refrigerate.



Build over lots of ice in a highball glass.



1.
Soak the beans overnight in cool water.
Drain and pat them dry with paper towels.
2.
Preheat oven to 350F.
3.
In a bowl, toss the beans with the vegetable oil and sugar.
4.
Spread them in a single layer on an ungreased baking sheet.
Roast them in the oven until crunchy and no longer soft in the centers, about 45 minutes.
(Stir them a few times to prevent burning.)
5.
Immediately toss the beans in a bowl with the cinnamon and salt.
Cool and serve, or store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to a week.



Place pinto beans and garbanzo beans in a medium sized stock pot with water.
Cook for 5 minutes over medium-high heat and then add chicken bouillon granules.
Mix well and add hot pepper sauce.
Once heated through mash the beans and serve.



Chop woody ends off asparagus.
Microwave for 2 to 3 minutes, or cook in boiling, salted water until barely tender, about 4 to 6 minutes.
Plunge into ice water to stop cooking.
Drain.
Add cherry tomatoes.
Stir together vinegar, orange juice and garlic; season to taste.
Spoon dressing over asparagus and tomatoes.



Pour the ingredients into a shaker filled partly with ice, shake and pour the contents, unstrained, into a rocks glass.
Garnish with pomegranate seeds (optional).



dissolve sugar in the milk in a small pot by gently heating it on stove.
pour mixture into a heatproof bowl that has high sides.
Heat in microwave oven in two minute intervals for about thirty minutes ,Every two minutes stir very carefully as it will be very hot and bubble a lot.
keep checking throughout heating periods that it not over boils.
cook until it reaches the colour and thickness you want.
I serve this with icecream and puddings or use it in baking.
you can also eat it on its own.
leave the extra sugar out if you dont want it to sweet.If not using sugar add milk straight into heatproof dish and put into microwave.
this recipe makes enough sauce to serve with four icecreams



Combine the ingredients in a screw-top jar.
Cover tightly.
Shake well.
Chill.
Shake again before serving.



Melt almond bark in microwaveable safe bowl.
(times will vary based on microwave used).
Stir.
Stir in peanut butter.
Stir in honey graham cereal.
Stir in marshmallows, till coated thoroughly.
Drop on waxed paper lined cookie sheets using a small spoon.
Cool till firm.
Cover and store.
Makes about 6 dozen candies.
Note: Can also be made on stove top.
Chilling candies in fridge shortens prep time.



Place tofu, peanut butter, soy sauce, red wine vinegar, ginger, and sugar in a food processor fitted with the chopping blade.
Process or blend until smooth, scarping down the sides of the bowl as necessary.
(Sauce can be made up to 3 days ahead but bring to room temperature before using with noodles).
Toss the noodles with the sauce in a large bowl.
Serve at once.



LAYER four glasses each with 1/4 cup strawberries, 1/4 cup yogurt, 1 Tbsp.
cereal, and 1 Tbsp.
of almonds.
REPEAT layers.
Serve immediately.
SERVE each meal with a 8 fl oz glass of water.



preheat oven to 350. spray 9"x"13 casserole dish-i use a lasagna tin- with cooking spray
spoon about a half cup sauce on bottom of casserole .
not alot, just enough to lightly cover.
lay frozen chicken on top.
its ok to put pieces on top of each other, just try to do it evenly
sprinkle parmesan cheese on top of chicken, then top with rest of sauce, making sure to cover all chicken well.
you can use a little more if you like it saucy, just not too much or it will end up soggy
top with mozzarella cheese.
two cups is just a suggestion, if you like it super cheesy, go for it!
:-D
pop it in the over for 30-35 minutes, until cheese is nice and bubbly and chicken is cooked through.
if the cheese is cooking faster than the chicken, i move it to bottom rack and that usually does the trick!
serve with pasta and garlic bread if desired, and enjoy!



Preheat waffle iron (stovetop or electric).
Mine needs about ten minutes to heat up fully.
In a medium bowl, whisk together dry ingredients.
In a large bowl, mix the pumpkin until smooth, then add milk, oil, and vanilla.
Mix carefully to avoid splashing until fully combined.
Add the dry ingredients in two batches, making sure no dry spots are left behind.
Cook until slightly crispy.
They taste wonderful with bananas, jam, and maple syrup.



Blend peaches, juices, and sugar in blender.
Chill.
At serving time, add gingerale.
For a slush, add vodka and then freeze.
Fill glass two-thirds full and then fill with the gingerale.



Add all ingredients to the blender, cover and blend until smooth.



Beat together the cream cheese and butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl until creamy.
Mix in the vanilla and milk, then gradually mix in the confectioners' sugar and salt until smooth and fluffy.



Spread the almonds out in two 9x13 inch baking dishes
Bake at 350 degrees for 10-12 minutes, until a nutty aroma wafts out of the oven
Remove almond from oven and sprinkle with salt
Cool for 1 hour
Serve



Place all ingredients into a large mixing bowl.
Using a stand mixer or hand-held mixer, mix at low speed until all ingredients are incorporated.
Then increase the speed a bit and mix until frothy.
Into your ice cream machine's frozen churning tub, pour the mixture and churn for 15-18 minutes (or per your ice cream machine model's instructions) or until mixture resembles soft-serve ice cream.
Using a rubber spatula, quickly turn ice cream into a freezer container.
I prefer to use a rectangular, wide container and pour the mixture in 2 inches thick because the ice cream freezes more quickly this way.
Freeze for 2-4 hours or until frozen solid or to your preferred consistency.
Serve and enjoy!



Chop the chocolate: Use a chef's knife to chop the chocolate as finely as possible; this will help it melt quickly and evenly.
Then place it in a medium glass bowl.
(Glass retains heat, so the chocolate will stay melted longer.)
Make the ganache: Heat the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until bubbles form around the edge.
Remove from the heat and add about one-fourth of the chocolate; whisk until smooth.
Slowly pour the cream mixture over the remaining chocolate in the bowl and let sit until the chocolate melts, about 30 seconds.
Puree the melted chocolate with an immersion blender or beat with a whisk until all the lumps disappear and the ganache is smooth.
Stir in the butter until smooth, then add liqueur, if desired.
(Jacques adds the liqueur last, so the flavor doesn't cook off.)
Pour and set: Line a rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap, leaving a 2-foot overhang on one side.
Pour the ganache onto the baking sheet and spread evenly with a rubber spatula.
Fold the plastic wrap back over and press directly onto the surface of the ganache.
Let cool at room temperature at least 4 hours or overnight.
For the truffles: Using two teaspoons, scoop small mounds of the ganache onto parchment-lined baking sheets.
Set aside until firm enough to roll, about 15 minutes in the refrigerator or 2 hours at room temperature.
Roll into balls: Place the chocolate mounds between both palms, squeeze slightly and roll.
Refrigerate until ready to coat.
Temper the chocolate: This is a gentle melting and cooling process that gives chocolate a glossy finish.
For the coating, place the chopped chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water and stir until melted, about 40 minutes.
Pour into a clean glass bowl; stir to cool to between 88 degrees and 90 degrees, about 40 minutes.
(Jacques recommends a laser thermometer for checking the temperature.)
Dip and coat: Spread out the cocoa powder, coconut and nuts on parchment paper.
One at a time, dip each truffle in the tempered chocolate with a two-prong dipping fork (you can buy one at a baking-supply store or break off the middle tines of a plastic fork).
Lift the truffle and let the excess chocolate drip off.
Roll in toppings and place on a rack to dry.
Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.
Photograph by Jim Franco



preheat oven to 400F.
In a bowl blend cereal, Parmesan cheese, seasoned salt, paprika and garlic powder.
In a different bowl mix mayo, honey and mustard.
Stir chicken into wet mixture then roll in dry mixture to coat evenly.
Place on rack in shallow backing pan.
Bake 15-20 min or until slightly browned and done (165F internal temp).



Put oven rack in lower third of oven and preheat oven to 500F.
Oil bottom of a shallow baking pan (15 by 10 by 1 inch) with 1/2 tablespoon oil.
Cut each potato lengthwise into 8 wedges and toss with salt, pepper, and remaining tablespoon oil in a large bowl.
Arrange potato wedges, flat sides down, in baking pan, then cover pan tightly with foil and roast 10 minutes.
Remove foil and roast 10 minutes more.
Loosen potatoes with a metal spatula, then turn over onto other flat sides and roast until tender and golden, about 10 minutes.
While potatoes roast, melt butter with rosemary in a small saucepan over moderately low heat.
Loosen potatoes with spatula, then transfer to a serving dish or plates and spoon rosemary butter over them.



Steep the saffron in 1/2 cup boiling water.
In a skillet that can be tightly covered, melt the butter over medium-high heat.
Stir in the rice and salt.
Cook, stirring constantly, until the rice begins to absorb the butter and becomes opaque, but do not brown the rice.
Quickly pour in the remaining 1 1/2 cups boiling water along with the saffron water.
Cover immediately, reduce heat to low, and cook 20 minutes, or until all of the liquid is absorbed.
For best results, do not remove the lid while the rice is cooking.



Preheat oven to 425F
Stir flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a mixing bowl.
Stir in any additions.
Pour in 1 1/4 cups cream and stir to incorporate all the flour mixture.
If you can't incorporate all the flour in 10-15 strokes, drizzle in a bit more cream ( about 1 T extra).
Turn the dough out on a floured surface and knead gently once or twice to bring together.
Pat into a half-inch-thick round and cut into wedges with a floured knife, or cut with a floured biscuit cutter.
(This will make 8 or so 3-inch round scones or around 15 2-inch round.)
Place on a baking sheet and bake until just golden and firm on top, about 15 minutes depending on size.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
In a mixer fitted with a paddle, combine the two flours, confectioners' sugar and 6 1/2 ounces butter.
Mix on medium-low until a dough forms.
Transfer to a baking sheet and roll out 1/8-inch thick.
Shape of dough does not matter; smooth edges for even browning.
Bake until barely golden brown at edges, 25 to 35 minutes; be careful not to overbake.
Remove from oven and cool completely.
Using your fingers, crumble dough into fine crumbs and place in bowl of mixer fitted with a paddle.
Add remaining 3 1/2 ounces butter and mix at medium speed.
Mixture will gather into small pieces, and after a few minutes will change to a dough, pulling away from sides of bowl.
Continue to mix until mixture becomes fluffy and creamy like whipped butter; this may take an additional 5 minutes.
Line a baking sheet with plastic wrap.
Using a rubber spatula, transfer dough to sheet and spread in a thick oval.
Cover with plastic wrap, and use a rolling pin to roll mixture to about 1/3-inch thick.
Chill until firm, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Using a 3-inch cookie cutter, cut circles from chilled dough.
Transfer to baking sheet, spacing cookies at least 2 inches apart.
(Scraps of dough may be re-rolled and chilled for additional cookies.)
Bake until edges are golden brown, 7 to 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and cool on baking sheet.
Transfer baking sheet to refrigerator; allow cookies to become well chilled.
Fifteen minutes before serving, use a thin, flexible spatula to remove cookies from sheet.
Chilled cookies may be placed atop a circle of raspberries or other berries.
If desired, garnish plate with a scoop of ice cream.



In a saute pan over medium heat add oil, heat and add onions and salt.
Cook the onions until they are caramelized, about 20 minutes.
Note: it is very important to cook the onions long enough, until they are nice and golden.
Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
Mix the rest of the ingredients, and then add the cooled onions.
Refrigerate and stir again before serving.
Taste, and add additional seasonings, if desired.



First make the compote.
Place the apricots and sugar in a pan over a low heat for about 45 minutes.
Stir now and then very gently, so that the apricots remain relatively whole.
Transfer to a bowl, cool and chill in the refrigerator.
While the compote is simmering, place the blueberries (reserving a few for garnish), water and sugar in a saucepan.
Simmer over medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Mix the flour, sour cream and salt in a bowl and whisk until smooth.
Pour in one cup of the hot blueberry mix and whisk vigorously.
Now add the mixture to the simmering blueberries, stir well and continue to simmer for 10 minutes until the soup thickens.
Blend in a food processor until smooth.
Transfer to a bowl and leave to cool with cling film resting on the surface to prevent a skin forming.
Chill until serving.
Serve the blueberry soup chilled, garnished with whole blueberries and a blob of compote in the middle of each bowl.
Enjoy the remaining compote with yogurt.



Unwrap caramels.
Combine chocolate and caramels in top of double boiler.
Heat over med until completely melted.
Add noodles and nuts.
Stir well.
Drop by teaspoon onto wax paper.
Chill.



Combine water and sugar in large saucepan.
Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves.
Bring to boil.
Cool syrup.
Mix syrup, lemon juice and lime juice in pitcher.
Chill until cold.
(Can be made 1 week ahead.
Cover; keep chilled)



In a large bowl, combine all ingredients except the beans and mix.
Drop the beans into enough salted boiling water to cover them and cook for about 10 minutes, until tender.
Drain beans in a colander.
Toss the beans together with the the sauce and serve immediately or cover with foil and serve within 45 minutes.



Add ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth.



Mix crust and press into pie plate.
Prick crust with fork.
Bake 350 degrees 15 min.
Cold.
Filling: Mix water and cornstarch together in saucepan till cornstarch dissolves.
Add in sugar and bring to a boil.
Add in Jello, mix and cold mix.
When cold, pour over fresh strawberries in crust.
Chill.
Top with whipped cream.



Place the pork, salt pork, black pepper, white pepper, nutmeg, sugar, and salt in a large bowl and mix with your hands to distribute the seasonings evenly.
Add the water and continue mixing with your hands until the ingredients are thoroughly blended.
Cook and taste a small sample, then add more salt if needed.
Leave in bulk and shape as directed in individual recipes or stuff into hog casing.
Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour to firm.
Saute or grill, or cook as directed in individual recipes.
(The uncooked sausage will keep in the refrigerator for up to 3 days, or in the freezer for up to 1 week.)



Cut the ginger into chunks and place them into a bowl.
Sprinkle with sea salt, stir to coat and let stand for about 30 minutes.
Transfer the ginger to a clean jar.
In a saucepan, stir together the rice vinegar and sugar until sugar has dissolved.
Bring to a boil, then pour the boiling liquid over the ginger root pieces in the jar.
Allow the mixture to cool, then put the lid on the jar and store in the refrigerator for at least one week.
You will see that the liquid will change to slightly pinkish in few minutes.
Don't be alarmed because it's the reaction of rice vinegar that causes the change.
Only quality rice vinegar can do that!
Some commercial pickled ginger has red coloring added.
Cut pieces of ginger into paper thin slices for serving.



Preparation:.
In a bowl, flake the cheese with forks.
In small pot, on a law heat, melt the butter; remove from heat; add Mitmita (cayenne pepper), false cardamom, white pepper and garlic powder.
Pour the melted spiced butter on the cheese; mix well until completely marinated.
Keep it in the fridge and serve it cold.
P.S.
If home-made cheese is needed, you may boil 2 gallons of buttermilk at a lower heat, with a pinch of salt and one lemon juice, stirring continuously.
leave it to cool, strain and discard the water.
* You will find these spices in Ethiopian or Indian shops/groceries.
** To to prepare Clarified Butter (Nitir Kebe).go to www.
yewoinfamilycooking.com.



Measure flour, baking powder, sugar and salt into bowl.
Add grated cheese.
Stir.
Add oil and milk.Stir to form a soft ball of dough.
Add more milk if needed.
Turn onto lightly floured board and knead gently 8 to 10 times.
Roll into a log shape and cut into sections as you would for cinnamon buns.
Place on ungreased cookie sheet at 425 F for 15 minutes or until nicely browned.



Place all ingredients in 2 cup glass measuring cup.
Heat on high power for 60 seconds.
Remove from oven and stir with a butter knife until smooth.
Use to frost cake or cupcakes of your choice.



Place peanuts in the blender.
Blend.
Wait until oil starts to leave the peanuts and make the peanut butter.
Add honey.
To mixture.
Optional: add salt for flavor.
Store in fridge.
Enjoy as desired.



Heat oven to 350 degrees .
Lightly grease a 13x9 baking dish.
Arrange sliced nectarines in prepared baking pan.
Mix oats, brown sugar, and flour.
Cut in butter with pastry blender or rub in with fingertips until mixture is crumbly.
Sprinle over fruit.
Dust with cinnamon.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until fruit is soft and topping is crisp and browned.
Serve warm with vanilla ice cream if desired.



Grind all ingredients in food processor or blender until completely milled.
Store in glass jar in fridge for months[if it lasts that long].
Use over pasta, sprinkled over salads, or in any recipe where you would use parmesan cheese.



Melt butter in medium sauce pan over low heat being careful not to scorch.
Add sugar and baking soda, stir in until blended.
Slowly add the buttermilk.
Boil for 1 minute, remove from heat.
Stir in vanilla.
Pour over cake while warm and while cake is still in pan.



Place the white sugar into the food processor.
Pour the molasses onto the sugar around the processor.
Process until you have well mixed brown sugar (you may need to scrape the sides a few times.



Melt butter in a medium, non-stick saucepan over medium heat.
Add cream cheese and garlic powder, stirring with wire whisk until smooth.
Add milk, a little at a time, whisking to smooth out lumps.
Stir in Parmesan and pepper.
Remove from heat when sauce reaches desired consistency.
Sauce will thicken rapidly, thin with milk if cooked too long.
Toss with hot pasta to serve.



Preheat oven to 400F (200C).
In a large bowl, mix flour, salt, cayenne pepper, and cheese thoroughly.
Add melted margarine and mix.
Chill dough in refrigerator for 20 minutes.
Place dough on a large, floured board.
Place a large piece of waxed paper on top of dough or use a heavily-floured rolling pin.
Roll dough to 1/4 inch thick.
Remove wax paper.
Holding a fork upside down, draw the prongs vertically along dough from top to bottom, making ridges.
With a wide, flat knife cut dough into rectangular shapes 3x1 inch.
Oil a cookie sheet and place cut cheese on it.
Bake in 400F (200C) oven for 10 to 12 minutes until cheese straws look dry but not brown.
Let cool.
Repeat procedure until all of dough is baked.
Serve at room-temperature.
Freezes well.



Combine 1 1/2 cups berries and syrup in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Cook until berries are slightly softened, about 2 minutes, then mash using the back of a spoon.
Simmer until mixture foams up a bit, about 1 to 2 minutes more.
Remove from heat, strain to remove blueberry solids, stir in remaining 1 1/2 cups berries, and use to top pancakes, waffles, or French toast.



Blend



Microwave butter in a 4-quart bowl on high 45 seconds; until melted.
Add marshmallows; mix to coat.
Microwave 1 1/2 minutes or until marshmallows are completely melted, stirring after 45 seconds.
Add cereal; mix to coat well.
Shape one cup of the mixture into a ball, using wet or greased hands.
Repeat for 8 balls total.
1/2 cup for each ball.
Place small ball on top of the large ball to make snowmen.
Gently press balls together or use icing to secure.
Decorate if desired with candies.



Heat oven to 350 degrees.
Prepare pie crust according to package directions filled one-crust pie using 9-inch pie pan.
Chill remaining crust for later use.
In medium bowl combine half and half, Large eggs, dry mustard and pepper; set aside.
Layer ham, cheese, broccoli and onion in pie crust lined pan.
Pour egg mix over ham, cheese and broccoli.
Bake at 350 degrees for 40 to 50 min or possibly till knife inserted in center comes out clean.
Cold 5 min; cut into wedges.
Garnish as desired.
Chill any remaining quiche.
6 to 8 servings.



whisk yeast into warm water and let sit 10 minutes.
blend all dry ingredients in mixing bowl.
add Olive oil and water/yeast mix into dry ingredients.
mix to a stiff dough.
cover and let rise for 30 minutes.
punch down and cut into 2 equal portions.
round, cover and let rest 5 more minutes.
flatten by hand or with a rolling pin on a floured surface.
transfer to a pizza pan or screen.
top with whatever sauce, cheese and toppings that you like.
bake in a 425 degree oven for about 23 minutes.



Put ingredients into bread machine and press "Start".



In a heavy saucepan, bring milk to a boil, then remove pan from heat.
Add sugars and corn syrup and stir until sugars are dissolved.
Return pan to heat and allow mixture to reach boiling point, stirring constantly.
Cover pan with tight-fitting lid and cook for 3 minutes.
Remove lid and cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture reaches 238F on your candy thermometer.
Then remove from heat and let cool to 110F.
Add butter and beat until mixture begins to thicken.
Then beat in vanilla and ginger.
Pout onto a buttered slab or stoneware platter.
Cut into squares when cool.



Warm milk and chocolate chips in saucepan over low heat until chips are completely melted and milk is hot.
Pour into a standard mug.
Top off with vanilla ice cream and syrup.



Mix all ingredients together and pour into a shaker.
Use to season ribs, chicken, or brisket for smoking.



Beat the vinegar in a bowl with the optional sugar, garlic, salt and pepper until sugar and salt dissolves.
Then beat in the oil by droplets, whisking constantly (or place all the ingredients in a screw-top jar and shake to combine.)
Taste and adjust the seasonings.



Blend cream cheese, mayo and Worcestershire sauce until soft and smooth.
Mix in walnuts and cranberries, if using.
Gently fold in blue cheese, breaking the chunks up as little as possible.



Measure all ingredients except raisins into baking pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Insert pan into the oven chamber.
Select Sweet Cycle.
Add raisins at the "add ingredient" signal.
When the baking cycle ends, immediately remove the bread from the pan and place it on a rack.
Let cool to room temperature before slicing.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a microwave proof bowl, combine the oil and honey.
Heat for 45 seconds at a time until the oil is melted.
Add vanilla and stir well to be sure it is combined.
Pour in oats and almonds stir until everything looks moist and covered in the honey mixture.
Spray a large cookie sheet with cooking spray, dump the oat mixture on the pan and make sure it is spread evenly.
Bake 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and stir everything well.
Bake 10 more minutes.
Remove and let cool completely before storing.
Note: Regular almonds work great, but Blue Diamond Honey Vanilla Almonds are fantastic in this.



Blend watermelon pieces in blender for about 1 minute on medium speed.
In large kettle, mix melon, sugar, and lemon juice.
Bring to a boil.
Stir in liquid fruit pectin and boil fifteen minutes, stirring.
Skim off the foam and pour into jars.
Wipe rims, place lids, screw on bands finger-tight and process in a boiling water bath for ten minutes.
Remove to a protected surface to cool undisturbed.
Note: this is an adopted recipe, and needs a bit of tweaking.
I plan on making the jelly with a thermometer in the future to ensure that the results are consistent.
Note #2: I've received questions about the 15 minute time listed in the recipe.
Almost all of the watermelon jelly recipes I've found doing a search are for 1 minute.
As this recipe has already been reviewed as is, I don't want to alter it too much.
But as an alternative, I'd like to give you a recipe from Epicurious.com, whom I've found to be a reliable source.
Watermelon Jelly, courtesy of Epicurious.com: 4 cups seeded, diced watermelon, 3 1/2 cups sugar, 2 Tbs lemon juice, 1/2 of a 6 ounce pkg of liquid fruit pectin (1 foil pouch).
Instructions: Place diced watermelon in a blender container or food processor bowl.
Cover and blend or process until smooth (should have 2 cups watermelon puree).
In a 6 to 8 quart kettle combine the watermelon puree, sugar and lemon juice.
Bring the mixture to a full rolling boil (a boil that cannot be stirred down) over high heat, stirring constantly with a long handled wooden spoon.
Stir in the pectin all at once.
Return mixture to a full rolling boil; boil hard for 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Remove kettle from heat; skim off foam.
Ladle jelly into clean, hot half-pint jars, leaving 1/4-inch head space.
Wipe jar rims; adjust lids.
Allow to cool completely away from drafts, then store in cool, dark place.
Makes 4 half pints.
Note #3: from RecipeZaar user Foggy Kitchen come these helpful comments.
"Mine did not gel and I had to research why not.
Follow directions!
Detail on the Pectin box distinctly separates fruit w/pectin -vs- bowl of sugar on side to be added LATER, then briefly fast boiled (the one minute reference).
".



Place almond butter, molasses and coconut oil into a large, microwave-safe bowl and microwave until melted and creamy, about 1 1/2 minutes.
Stir the mixture well to combine and then add in the Chex.
Stir gently until the almond butter mixture coats the cereal.
In a large Ziploc bag, combine protein powder, ginger and cinnamon.
Shake the bag around to make sure the spices get mixed in with the protein powder.
Add the Chex cereal into the bag and shake around until evenly coated in the protein powder/spice mixture.
Pour into a bowl and let cool, so that the almond butter hardens and sets.



Place all ingredients, except coconut, in a food processor and process till the nuts are well chopped and everything is well blended.
Roll into bite size balls and then roll in coconut.
Refrigerate.



Mix together flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.
Add yogurt, vanilla, water, milk, and lemon juice.
Mix until just blended - do not overmix!
Pour into oiled 8x8-inch pan and bake at 350 F until a toothpick comes out clean, about 30 minutes.
Remove and allow to cool completely.
Combine strawberries, cornstarch, sugar, and water in a saucepan.
Cook over medium-high heat until sauce boils and thickens.
Spread over top of cake.
May be served warm or chilled.



Stir ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, oyster sauce, and sugar together in a bowl until smooth.



In a shot glass pour the 1/2 oz 101 bourbon , then pouring over the back of a spoon not allowing the spoon to touch the bourbon, but getting it as close it as possible pour the 151 rum.
Light the rum and serve.
Blow out the flame and shoot this, but like I said above be careful cuz these are lethal.



When making this simple but refreshing dessert, experiment with the wide array of flavored sparkling waters available.
We liked the orange, Blackberry and pear-flavored varieties.
Place 1 scoop sherbet in each of 6 parfait glasses.
Pour about 1/4 c. sparkling water over sherbet.
Garnish with Blackberries.
Serve immediately.
Amount



Remove the skin and the seed from the winter melon and cut into large cube
Quick blanch chicken and drain then put chicken and water into a pressure cooker on high for 25 minutes
Season with salt then simmer for another 5 minutes and serve to fresh cilantro



1.
Into large bowl, measure cereal; set aside.
2.
In 1-quart microwavable bowl, stir together chocolate chips, peanut butter and butter.
Microwave uncovered on High 1 minute; stir.
Microwave about 30 seconds longer or until mixture can be stirred smooth.
Stir in vanilla.
Pour mixture over cereal, stirring until evenly coated.
Pour into 2-gallon resealable food-storage plastic bag.
3.
Add powdered sugar.
Seal bag; shake until well coated.
Spread on waxed paper to cool.
Store in airtight container in refrigerator.
Stove-Top Directions:
Into large bowl, measure cereal; set aside.
In 1-quart saucepan, heat chocolate chips, peanut butter and butter over low heat, stirring frequently, until melted.
Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.
Pour mixture over cereal, stirring until evenly coated.
Pour into 2-gallon resealable food-storage plastic bag.
Add powdered sugar.
Seal bag; shake until well coated.
Spread on waxed paper to cool.
Store in airtight container in refrigerator.



In a blender combine the milk, chocolate milk powder, malt powder, and corn syrup and blend well.
Pour into a popsicle mold with lids, insert wooden sticks, and then freeze.
Notes about the recipe: Why buy these when they're so easy to make.
And the kids can do it themselves, as long as you clean up the counter afterwards.
Buy popsicle molds at specialty cookware shops or a large discount store like target in the summer.
I used to ride my bike up town to the dairy store and buy these to keep me cool in the summer.
We didn't have air conditioning so this was the alternative.



Remove any tough cartilage from the sides of the scallops, wipe off any bits of shell, and pat them dry.
In a large frying pan, partially cook the bacon till it has released its fat but is still limp and flexible; remove it to brown paper or possibly paper towels and drain it well.
Cut the bacon pcs in halves or possibly thirds so which they are just long sufficient to wrap around a scallop with a slight overlap.
Wrap each scallop with a piece of bacon and secure the wrap with a toothpick.
Place the wrapped scallops on a rack which is set in a baking pan and cook under a preheated broiler, turning once, just till the bacon is crisp and the scallops are opaque.
Serve immediately.
Variations: Use small chunks of monkfish instead of scallops.
Roll the scallops in pancetta or possibly prosciutto instead of bacon.
Add in something crunchy a length of scallion or possibly a thin slice of kohlrabi - next to the scallop before rolling it in the bacon.
Substitute liquid removed water chestnuts for one-third of the scallops.
Morash.



Beat eggs well with electric mixer.
Add sugar and beat well.
Add salt and vanilla.
Mixture will be thin.
Gradually add flour, having mixer at low speed.
Mixture should now be in cookie dough form.
Roll very thin on lightly floured board.
Cut into 1/2-inch strips with knife or pastry cutter.
Cut in crosswise strips, 1 1/2 inches long.
Give each strip a double twist to resemble a bow.
Fry in deep fat, 375?
F. When brown, roll in sifted powdered sugar.



Heat oven to 375.
Coat a shallow 3 qt baking dish with cooking spray or butter.
In a large bowl, combine the cream, horseradish, nutmeg, 1 1/2 t salt, and 3/4 t pepper.
Layer the potatoes in the baking dish in a circular, overlapping fashion.
Pour the sauce over all, press gently to submerge the potatoes.
Cover with foil and bake for 25 minutes.
Uncover and bake for approximately 1 hour, until the top potatoes are crispy and the lower ones are soft.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees (175 C.).
In a large ovenproof skillet, melt the butter.
Saute the rices, onion, mushrooms and pine nuts over medium heat until the onion and mushrooms are soft.
Pour the broth over the rice mixture and cover tightly.
Bake 1 1/2 hours or until rice is tender.



Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Grease one 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and blend together with the brown sugar.
Remove from heat; set aside to cool.
Add the flour, baking powder, vanilla and chopped nuts.
Pour into prepared pan and bake at 250 degrees F (120 degrees C) for 50 minutes.
Remove from oven and allow to cool.
Cut into bars and roll in confectioners' sugar.



Put all ingredients into bowl, mix well.
Form balls the size of ping pong balls, wrapping each in wax paper, twisting the ends.
Refridgerate until needed.
Enjoy!



Whip all ingredients together in a small bowl using a handheld mixer.
Serve immediately or refrigerate in a clean glass jar with the lid on.
It should keep for at least a month (but it never lasts for that long around here).



Place chicken in a 13 by 9 inch baking dish.
Melt the butter in a saucepan on low heat.
Add the Dijon mustard and honey, stir well to incorporate.
Pour over chicken and bake at 350F (180C) for 45 minutes.
Serve over rice.



In a large pitcher, stir together ingredients.
Serve over ice.



Mix the two flours together in a bowl and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine 1/2 cup flour (or flour mix), yeast, honey and tepid water.
Stir well and let stand for 10 minutes, until bubbles form.
With flat beater blade or a wooden spoon, stir in yogurt, extra virgin olive oil, salt, and 2 more cups of flour mix.
Gradually mix in remaining flour until you have a soft dough that pulls from the sides of the bowl.
Turn out onto a floured counter and knead by hand or use the dough hook attachment on an electric mixer.
This should take about 5 minutes.
Cover the bowl with a lid or a towel and let rise until the dough doubles in size, approximately 1 hour.
Spray cupcake tins with non-stick baking spray or coat with melted butter.
Break off pieces of dough and roll into balls that fill each cupcake slot.
The balls should almost fill each depression.
Cover with a clean, damp dish towel and let rise for 25 minutes.
Bake at 375 F for about 20 minutes, until rolls are a deep golden brown on the top.
Break one open and dig in!



Microwave coconut on high on plate, 1 to 2 minutes, until toasted; spoon over yogurt with pineapple.



Combine all ingredients in a Dutch oven; bring to a boil.
Reduce heat, and cook 15 minutes or until all cranberries pop.
Strain cranberry mixture through a fine sieve over a bowl, discarding solids.
Cover and chill.Pour the cranberry mixture into the freezer can of an ice-cream freezer, and freeze according to manufacturer's instructions.
Spoon cranberry ice into a freezer-safe container; cover and freeze 1 hour or until ready to serve.



Saute/fry in wok or possibly frying pan: 1 pound chicken/turkey cutlets, in strips 3 peppers - red, green, yellow (one kind or possibly a mix) 1 onion, sliced 3 cloves garlic, chopped
Saute/fry chicken first.
Remove.
Saute/fry vegetables.
Combine.
Add in sauce.
Stir while thickening.
Serve on warmed flour tortillas with a dab of lowfat sour cream.



Combine batter ingredients in order given.
Beat till smooth.
Dry shrimp well, then dip in batter.
Fry in deep warm fat at 375 degrees till golden brown.
Serve with cocktail sauce.



Stir mayonnaise, red onion, lime juice, garlic, and lime zest together in a bowl.
Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, about 30 minutes.



Sift ingredients together three times through a very fine sieve.
Store in an airtight container or make up as needed.
It's very easy to make up exactly what you need as you need it since the ratio is just a 1:1:2.



Saute onion in oil until soft and clear.
Add remaining ingredients.
Simmer 30 minutes.
Use for basting when barbecuing or smoking on a charcoal grill.
Makes 3 cups.



Melt margarine or butter.
Add milk and heat 115 F (45 C).
Dissolve yeast.
Add sugar, cardamom (optional) and salt.
Stir until mixed.
Add flour, knead into dough.
Let rise until doubled (about 30 min).
Divide dough.
Use rolling pin to roll out large rectangle, about 1/4 inches thick.
Spread with margarine, cinnamon and sugar.
Roll up into a big roll, about 2 inches in diameter.
Cut 3/4 in thick slices, put onto greased cookie sheet.
Rise about 20-30 minute
Baste with whipped egg;
Add a little bit of sugar on top, or you can use some Swedish pearl sugar (available at most IKEAs or Swedish specialty stores).
Bake 450 F (225 C) about 7-10 min, until golden brown.
Serve and enjoy.



Make a paste from the yeast, sugar and a wee bit of the warm water and set aside.
Mix the flour and the salt together.
Once the yeast has bubbled up add this and mix well to a dough and leave to rise.
Cream the butter and lard and divide into three portions.
Once the dough has doubled in size give it a good knead then roll into a rectangle about 1cm thick.
Then spread one portion of the butter mixture over two thirds of the dough.
Fold the remining third of the dough over onto the butter mixture and fold the other bit over - giving three layers.
Roll this back to the original size.
Allow to cool for 40 minutes.
Repeat stages 5-7 twice more.
Cut the dough into 16 pieces and shape each to a rough circle and place on baking trays.
Set aside to rise for about 45 minutes then bake at 200c for 15 minutes.



Preheat the oven to 350F (180C).
Spray 4 6-ounce custard cups with nonstick cooking spray or grease with butter.
Place the cups on a baking sheet.
In a large mixing bowl, mix all the ingredients until well combined.
Divide the potato-cheese mixture evenly among the prepared cups.
Bake for about 35 minutes, until the tops are golden brown.
Serve warm.



Cook beans in pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes.
Drain.
Transfer to medium bowl.
Refresh under cold running water.
Drain well.
Cook potatoes in pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 8 minutes.
Drain.
Transfer to large bowl.
Add 2 tablespoons orange juice and 2 tablespoons vinegar; toss to coat.
Cool to room temperature, occasionally stirring gently.
Add green beans, tomatoes, and parsley to potatoes.
Whisk remaining 6 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon vinegar, oil, and capers in small bowl to blend.
Season dressing to taste with salt and pepper.
Add dressing to salad and toss to combine.
(Can be made 2 hours ahead.
Let stand at room temperature.)



In a food processor or blender combine broccoli, sour cream, onion, mayonnaise, lemon juice and cayenne pepper.
Process or blend until smooth.
Transfer to a bowl, cover and chill.



Mix dry ingredients in a bowl.
Mix wet ingredients in another bowl.
Add wet to dry and stir well.
Bake at 375 for about 30 minutes, or until golden brown.



Line a serving bowl with plastic wrap.
Spoon lime sherbet into the bowl, smoothing it out to be 1/2 inch thick along the sides, making the watermelon rind.
Place bowl in the freezer for 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, stir the chocolate chips evenly into the raspberry sherbet.
Scoop the raspberry sherbet into the lime sherbet shell, smoothing off and leveling the top.
Return bowl to the freezer.
To serve, invert the bowl onto a serving plate.
Lift off bowl and remove plastic wrap.
Freeze again for 1 hour if the sherbet is too soft.
Slice pieces like a watermelon.



Combine spices and massage mixture into chicken, inside and out, making sure it is evenly distributed deep down into skin.
Seal in plastic bag and refrigerate at least 24 hours, or 2 days.
When ready to roast, fry chopped onions in a bit of oil to partially cook them before stuffing chicken's cavity as full as possible with the hot onions.
Truss the cavity to keep onions in and roast uncovered at 250' about 5 hours, basting occasionally with pan juices, or until pan juices start to caramelize on bottom of pan and chicken is golden brown, skin is crisp.
Make a gravy of the pan drippings, with a slurry of flour or corn starch, as with any other roast.
Serve with the onions and mashed potatoes.



Put flour, milk, and salt in a bowl and mix well.
Add butter and mix well with pastry cutter (or by hand) until crumbly.
Put in a glass jar, cover tightly and store in refrigerator.
Makes 7 cups.
To make sauce: Combine mix (1/3 cup for thin, 1/2 cup for medium, 1 cup for thick) with 1 cup milk in a small deep heavy saucepan.
Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, for about 2 minutes.
Remove from heat and use as desired.



Stir the salt, cocoa powder, white sugar, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, chili powder, and black pepper in a small bowl until combined.
Store in an airtight container.
To use, rub 2 to 3 teaspoons of the spice mixture onto a serving of meat, and let stand at least 10 minutes before cooking.



Combine all ingredients in a screw top jar and shake to mix well.
Serve chilled.



Preheat oven to gas 4 / 180C / 350F
Sift all the dry ingredients except for the baking soda into a bowl
Add the wet ingredients except for the vinegar and mix until combined well
Mix the vinegar and baking soda together then add to the batter and quickly stir through
Pour into 12 muffin cases and bake for 22 minutes or until a toothpick comes away clean from the centre
Cool well on a wire rack and decorate as desired!
For the cover picture I used ready roll fondant and used gel food colouring to make halloweeny colours.
The toppers are halloween rings I got out of a halloween loot bag
If you exchange the cinnamon and nutmeg for mixed spice these are great for Christmas!



Toss apple slices with lemon juice and set aside.
Combine water, maple syrup, vanilla, sugar, cornstarch, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a large saucepan, stirring until well mixed.
Bring maple syrup mixture to a simmer over medium-high heat, stirring constantly until the sugar dissolves, and the mixture thickens and turns clear.
Fold in apple slices and return to a simmer.
Reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes.
Remove from heat and allow to stand for 15 minutes before spooning into a prepared pie crust or freezing.



In a large saucepan, whisk together the water, sugar, salt, and cocoa powder.
Bring to a full boil and continue to boil, stirring occasionally, for 15 seconds.
Remove from the heat and add the chocolate.
Stir the mixture until the chocolate is completely melted, then add the vanilla.
Freeze according to the instructions for freezing granita on page 145.
Spoon crystals of Chocolate Granita over White Chocolate Ice Cream (page 33) or in contrast to a dish of Tangerine Sorbet (page 119).



Mix it all together and marinade steak for 30 minutes to overnight.
Garlic will be stronger the longer you marinade.
Don't be afraid of the garlic it makes the steak taste wonderful!
Either grill the steaks or pan fry them in butter.
Either way they're great!
I do both; I grill them til they're almost done then finish the cooking by pan frying.
This turns an average grocery store steak into a delicious good restaurant tasting steak.



In a medium saucepan, combine carrots, water, ginger and margarine.
Cover and cook on medium, for 15 minutes until carrots are almost tender.
Add maple syrup, vinegar, salt and pepper to taste, and heat to boiling.
Boil 8-10 minutes, stirring frequently, or until carrots are at desired tenderness and and coated with glaze.



Mix milk, melted butter, mustard, honey, curry powder and salt in a large bowl.
Roll chicken pieces in mixture.
Place in roasting pan in 350 oven.
Baste often.
Bake one hour and fifteen minutes or until golden brown.
After chicken is removed from oven, sprinkle with sesame seed.



In a medium saucepan, bring water to a boil.
Add tomatoes.
Simmer, covered, until tomatoes are soft and turn into a broth, about 20 minutes.
Add mushrooms, onion, zucchini, carrot, onion powder and basil.
Simmer, covered, until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.
Add Worcestershire.
Simmer, covered until flavors are blended, about 2 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Remove 1 cup of vegetables, place in a container of a electric blender.
Blend at high speed until smooth.
Return mixture to saucepan and mix well.
Heat until hot.



Preheat the oven to 190C/375F.
Combine the sugar, flour, rolled oats and coconut in a bowl and make a small well in the centre.
In a small pan, melt the butter and golden syrup (you can use honey) over a low heat.
While the butter is melting, whisk the boiling water and baking soda together in another small bowl.
Take the butter off the heat and add the bicarby waterit should froth up delightfully.
Add this mix to the dry ingredients and stir together.
Then dollop in the plain yogurt.
Mix it thoroughly and then roll into little balls and place them on a greased baking dish about 2 inches apart.
If you like, you can flatten out the cookies with the palm of your hand before you pop them in the hot oven.
Theyll be done in 10-15 minutes!



Add ingredients according to the manufacturers instructions.
When it begins to knead, watch and see that is the proper consistency; if it need more water, add a tad of it slowly and if it needs more flour, do the same slowly till you get what you want.
Cool on rack.



Combine milk, yeast and 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour.
Beat and let proof 1 hour.
De gas and add oil, salt, sugar, 2 cups white flour.
Work in bowl until dough forms a ball.
Knead adding white flour as necessary until dough is smooth and a bit moist.
Let dough rise in oiled bowl 1-1 1/2 hours .
De gas.
Let rest 10 min.
Shape dough to fit a Pain de Mie pan with lid, or use a large bread pan.
Cover and let rise to 1/2 inch from top of pan, approx 30-45 min.
Cover with lid, or cover a bread pan with waxed paper and put a weighted cookie sheet on the pan.
Let stand 10 min.
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Pain de Mie lid must be on the pan when in the oven, but remove cookie sheet from other bread pan.
Bake 25 min.
Remove Pain de Mie lid and let bake 10 more min.
Put pan on wire rack to cool for 10 min.
Turn bread out.
Let cool to room temperature.
The loaf in the Pain de Mie pan should be flat on six sides.
Perfect for sandwiches.



combine the oats,sugar,and salt together.
heat the margarine in the microwave,and mix with the oats mixture.
In a 11x-7-inch pan pack half the mixture firmly.
spread the peanut butteron top of the packed oats on the pan.
gently pack the rest of the mixture on top of the peanut butter cream.
bake for 25 - 30 minutes in preheat oven of 350F.
Let cool,and then cut into 18 squares.



In a medium bowl, mix together all of the ingredients.
Store in a squeeze bottle or small covered bowl, refrigerated, for up to 2 months.



Halve the strawberries if the strawberries are large, and quarter them if they are very large.
They should be in bite-size pieces.
Put the berries in a mixing bowl and sprinkle with brown sugar.
Toss and set aside for 30 minutes.
Sprinkle the balsamic vinegar and pepper on the berries and toss again.
Serve at room temperature for the fullest flavor.
The amount of sugar may be adjusted, depending on the sweetness of the berries.



Preheat oven to 350F.
Cream together butter, powdered sugar, vanilla and salt.
Gradually add cornstarch and flour.
Whip with an electric mixer until fluffy.
Place dough into a cookie press and press cookies out onto a COOL baking sheet.
Decorate with candies, or candied cherries if desired.
Bake 12-15 minutes.
Let cool for 2 minutes on baking sheet.
Then remove to wire rack to cool completely.
Store in an airtight container at room temperature.



Combine equal amounts of ingredients.
Pour into an unused salt shaker.
Shake onto French Fries after they are cooked.



Combine cocoa, sugar, and salt in a saucepan.
Add water, and mix until smooth.
Bring this mixture to a boil.
Allow it to boil for one minute, be careful this does not over boil.
Remove from heat, when this cools add the vanilla.



In a large saucepan, bring the water, sugar, lemon zest and basil to boil over high heat, stirring constantly to prevent the mix from boiling over.
Add in the fruit pectin and return to a boil.
Boil one minute, taking care not to let the mix boil over.
Remove from heat and cold slightly.
Pour into jars.
Cold to room temperature.
Cover tightly and chill for up to 2 weeks.
This recipe yields about 4 c..
Comments: The flavors of fresh basil and Meyer lemon make this an unusual and tasty accompaniment for roast lamb.
Yield: 4 c.



Mix the beans, brown sugar and ketchup in a baking dish.
Pull the bacon apart and place on top of the beans.
Bake at 350 degrees until bacon is done and beans are bubbly.
About 1 hour.



In a jar with a tight-fitting lid, combine the vodka with the raspberries.
Close the jar tightly and let stand at room temperature for 2 weeks.
Strain the vodka through a fine-mesh sieve and discard the solids.
Strain the vodka a second time through a coffee filter into a clean jar and refrigerate for up to 3 months.



Line a 9x9x2" pan with foil, then spray with butter nonstick cooking spray.
(Makes for easy clean up).
Heat sugar, butter,milk and marshmallow creme in heavy 3 quart saucepan over medium heat until mixture boils, stirring constantly.
Boil and stir for 5 minutes.
add Chips and vanilla, stirring until chips are melted.
Stir in walnuts.
Immediately spread into prepared pan.
Refrigerate overnight.
Pull foil out, and cut pieces into 1" squares.
Store in airtight container in refrigerator.
For creamier fudge, let stand at room temperature 1 hour before serving.
Recipe may be doubled using 4 quart saucepan, boiling mixture for 6 minutes.
Spread into 2 prepared pans.



Mix peanut butter, sugar and crushed pepper in small bowl until blended.
Stir in dressing and soy sauce.
Combine remaining ingredients in large bowl.
Add dressing mixture; toss to coat.



In a blender combine tequila, orange liqueur, lime juice, sugar, mango chunks, and strawberries.
Cover; blend until smooth.
With the blender running, add ice cubes, one at a time, through opening in lid until mixture becomes slushy.
Pour mixture into glasses.
Makes 5 (6-ounce) servings.
*Note: Seed, peel, and cube 2 medium mangoes.
Place cubes in a single layer in a shallow baking pan lined with plastic wrap.
Cover and freeze 1 hour.
Transfer to a freezer bag or container for longer storage.
Makes about 2 cups.



In a saucepan, cook/steam carrots for 10 - 15 mins or until carrots are tender; drain.
In large skillet, over medium heat, melt butter.
Stir in preserves until blended.
Stir in orange juice, rind, nutmeg & salt; cook 5 minutes
Add cooked carrots; gently toss to coat & serve.



Combine all ingredients.
Cover and let stand at room temperature for at least 1 hour.



Place the chilli powder, sugar, paprika and salt in a bowl and mix together.
Using rubber gloves, rub this mixture over the surface of the chicken pieces and set aside for 1 hour.
Mix the barbecue and tomato sauces, orange juice and soy sauce together.
Heat the barbecue or grill and begin to cook the chicken, turning frequently.
When half cooked, brush generously with the sauce mixture.
Brush again when the chicken pieces are cooked through, just before serving.
Serve remaining sauce with chicken if desired.



In a large bowl combine brown sugar, orange junce, pumpkin pie spice and vanilla.
Add in sweet potatoes; toss to coat.
Transfer to a 3 quart rectangular baking dish.
Dot with butter.
Bake, covered, in a 350 oven for 40 min.
Remove from oven and stir gently, spooning syrup over potatoes.
Bake, uncovered, for 15 to 20 min more till potatoes are tender.
Makes 8 to 10 servings MAKE AHEAD TIP: Prepare and bake as above, cold completely.
Cover and chill several hrs or possibly overnight.
Bake, covered in a 325 oven for 30 to 35 min or possibly till heated through.



Cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
In separate bowl, toss popcorn and nuts.
If nuts are very large, then coarsely chop.
Add creamed mixture to popcorn and nuts.
Combine until coated.
Lightly spray large baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.
Spread mixture evenly in a single layer.
Bake at 350 for 10 minutes, until crisp.



In a heavy saucepan, melt butter over medium high heat.
Add almonds and sugar.
Cook and stir constantly for 7 to 8 minutes or until syrup is golden brown.
Remove from the heat and stir in vanilla.
Immediately drop by clusters or separate almonds on a greased baking pan.
Cool.
Store in an airtight container.



Making mead requires essentially the same basic kit necessary to brew beer at home: primary and secondary plastic-bucket fermenters with air locks and spigots, transfer hosing, a bottle-filler tube, heavy bottles, bottle caps, bottle capper, and a bottle brush and washer.
You should be able to find these items for approximately $70 total (excluding the bottles) through a home-brewing supplier, such as The Home Brewery.
Bottles cost from $6 to $20 per dozen, depending on style.
You might instead buy a couple of cases of beer in returnable bottles, drink the beer, and after sanitizing them!
reuse those bottles, for the cost of the deposit.
All your equipment must be sanitized or sterilized before use.
Ordinary unscented household bleach does the job fine.
Put all the equipment (including the lid and stirring spoons) into the fermentation bucket, fill with water, and add 2 teaspoons of unscented bleach.
Let it sit for 30 minutes.
Drain the water through the spigot, rinse everything in hot water, and allow to air-dry.
Bring the 4 1/2 gallons of water to a boil.
Well water, by the way, should be avoided because of potentially high levels of strong tasting minerals like iron.
Boiling should remove harsh chlorine from municipal tap water.
If you don't own a pot large enough to hold five gallons of water, boil as much as possible.
You will add the remaining water to the fermenter later.
Once the water reaches a boil, remove it from the heat and stir in all of the honey.
Do not boil the honey, as it reduces the aromatic quality of the finished mead.
While the honey dissolves in the water, put a cup of lukewarm (90 to 100F) water into a clean bowl.
Sprinkle in the yeast and cover the bowl with plastic wrap.
When the honey has been fully dissolved in the water and the pot is cool to the touch (not over 80F), pour the honey-water into the fermentation bucket and stir in the yeast mixture.
Note: Cooling the honey-water should take about half an hour.
This process can be accelerated with a so-called sink bath, that is, repeatedly immersing the pot in cold water in a sink or basin.
If you have not already added the full 4 1/2 gallons of water, top it off with the balance in bottled water (or tap water if you're confident of its quality).
Seal the bucket and allow the mixture to ferment for two weeks to one month.
The progress of fermentation can judged by monitoring the carbon-dioxide bubbles escaping from the air lock: When they drop to one bubble every sixty seconds, fermentation has nearly concluded.
Note that is only an issue during this primary fermentation; secondary fermentation has more to do with aging and mellowing and hence is more flexible.
When primary fermentation has subsided, siphon the mead over to your secondary fermentation bucket and seal it.
Allow one to four months aging time.
Do not open the fermenter, as this risks contaminating the mead.
When you decide it has matured enough (and the mead has cleared), you will want to siphon it into sterilized bottles and cap them.
Follow the same procedure as you would for home-brewed beer.
My book Beer for Dummies has a detailed guide in its Chapter Ten, or consult the web site of the American Homebrewers Association.
Keep in mind that this is a recipe for still (i.e., non-carbonated) mead.
Mead typically improves with age, so the longer you can wait to open the bottles, the better.



Mix together whey protein pwdr (or possibly soy flour), oat flour, and almond flour.
Cut shortening or possibly lard into flour mix with two knives or possibly a pastry blender, using a "cutting" motion.
It will resemble peas when done.
Add in water, 1 Tbsp.
at a time till dough can hold together.
Chill until chilled for easier handling.
This dough can be rolled out by putting between two pcs of waxed paper, or possibly you can put the dough in a 9-inch pie plate and pat it up the sides to the rim.
Spray Pam on a pie plate (glass/Pyrex works best) before putting crust in.
Oil your hands to make it easier to manage dough if you are using the patting method.
If you take the pie crust over the rim, be sure to put aluminum foil or possibly pastry rim-guards around edges to prevent it browing too much before pie filling is done.
Pour filling into crust and bake per directions.
If you need a completely baked crust (for cream fillings or possibly no-bake cheesecake etc.
), pierce crust with a fork and bake at 350 degrees for 5 - 10 min.
Watch it closely to prevent burning!
This recipe yields 1 crust; entire crust has 30 grams carbs made with whey pwdr or possibly 37 grams carbs made with soy flour.
Note 1: Keep in mind whey protein pwdr is 2 grams of carbs or possibly less (many are zero carb) and shouldn't be confused with "sweet whey" found in many health food stores (it's very high carb.)
Note 2: To add in flavor to the regular pie crust recipe, add in any ONE of the following (and if your filling is a sweet one, a Tbsp.
of Splenda can be nice as well): o 2 tsp.
lemon peelo 1 tsp.
orange peelo 2 Tbsp.
baking cocoao 2 tsp.
cinammono 1/4 tsp.
nutmego 1 tsp.
instant coffee to water
Yield: 1 crust



In a blender, blend the milk, the malt powder, the ice cream, the dates, and 1/4 cup of the peanuts until the mixture is combined well, pour the malted into two 12-ounce glasses, and sprinkle the chopped peanuts over the malteds.



Whisk together peanut sauce ingredients in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until thickened, about 30 to 45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Place chicken strips in a baking dish, salt lightly, and pour sauce over.
Stir around to coat each piece, then bake uncovered for 30 minutes.
Turn oven heat up to 450 degrees F and bake for about 10 more minutes.
Serve garnished with lemon slices, if you wish.



In a large bowl, mix together the softened butter and cheese until well blended.
Stir in flour, chives, salt, hot pepper sauce and garlic powder until thoroughly mixed.
Stir in cereal.
Divide the mixture into four parts, and roll into 6 inch long logs.
Wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Unwrap the cheese logs, and slice into 1/4 inch thick rounds.
Place on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, until edges are crisp and slightly browned.



Sprinkle the yeast into a bowl with half of a cup of water.
Stir to dissolve and leave for five minutes.
Mix the flour and salt together in another bowl.
Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the dissolved yeast.
Form a paste, Cover the bowl with a towel and let the paste sponge (frothy, loose and expanded) for 20 minutes.
Mix in the rest of the water until you get a firm, moist dough.
Knead for about 10 minutes.
Put the dough in a clean bowl and cover with a dish towel.
Let it rise for about 1 1/2 - 2 hours.
Punch down then let it rest for 10 minutes.
Shape into a long loaf.
Place onto a floured baking sheet and let it proof for 45 minutes.
Slash the top and cook in a 425 degree oven for 45 minutes or until golden brown.



In a large skillet, cook onion and celery in melted butter until crisp-tender.
Add in remaining ingredients; stir to combine.
Transfer mixture to a greased 2-quart casserole dish.
Cover and cook at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or until heated well.



In a 9x13-inch glass dish, combine the pretzels and the nuts.
In a large saucepan combine the butter, sugar, corn syrup and salt.
Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves.
Bring to a boil and cook until thickened (firm ball stage--260F).
Remove from heat and pour over your pretzel mixture and mix until everything is coated.
Bake in a preheated 250 oven for about 20 minutes (stir about halfway through).
Remove from oven and spread out to cool on a sheet of wax paper.



Clean and wash spinach.
Discard the stems.
Steam over low heat until tender.
Drain well and chop finely.
Heat oil in a small pan.
Fry mustard seeds until they start spluttering.
Then add cumin, fenugreek and corriander seeds.
Stir well.
Fry until fenugreek (methi) seeds turn golden brown.
Remove from heat.
Add red chilli powder and salt.
Cool slightly.
Stir in yoghurt.
Mix well.
Add spinach.
Mix thoroughly.
Chill.
Sprinkle little corriander powder on top.
Serve chilled.



In 13 x 9 inch baking dish combine soup, milk, soy sauce and pepper.
Stir in green beans and half of the onions.
Bake at 350 degrees (175 C.) for 25 minutes or until hot; stir.
Top with remaining onion.
Bake 5 minutes more.



Starting with just the tomatoes place half the tomatoes and juice in food processor and process until a fairly small texture, but not pureed.
Repeat with second half.
Then process all the onions and the jalapenos in a single batch.
I do all of this with an electric food grinder instead of a food processor and I use the 1/8-inch plate to get the correct ground texture and size, but a food processor will give you the same results.
Combine processed tomatoes, onions and jalapenos in a 4-quart pot with the remaining ingredients.
Adjust the salt and seasonings to your taste.
Bring the mixture to a boil and simmer for 15 minutes Remove from heat and fill 5 clean pint canning jars or 2 quart and 1 pint jar with the heated sauce.
Wipe the rims and seal with lids and rings.
Boil in a water bath, with 1 inch of water covering the lids, for 45 minutes.
Carefully remove the processed jars from the water bath and place on a clean towel and cool jars for at least 12 hours.
Label, date and store in a cool, dry place for up to a year.



1.first season the neck bones really well with salt/pepper.
Sit aside.
2.bring big pot of water to a boil, then add neck bones.
3.Boil for around an hour, until 1/2 the water or a little more is gone.
4.Reserve 3 1/2 4 cups of the boiled water, discard the rest.
5.Put the reserved water back in the pot and bring to a boil.
6.Add the rice, stir, and leave on the heat for 1 minute.
7.Remove from heat and put a lid on it.
Let it stand 5-8 minutes.
Then fluff the rice with a fork.
8.Serve.



In a medium bowl, combine butter, cream cheese, dill and sherry.
Blend well.
Cover and refrigerate up to 2 days.



NOTE: 2 cups roasted peanuts, shells and skins removed, briefly heated in a lightly oiled skillet -- or -- a mixture of both coconut and peanuts may be used in place of the grated coconut.
In a hot skillet, heat the sugar until it melts and just begins to brown.
Reduce heat and quickly add all other ingredients, stirring well as each ingredient is added.
When all ingredients have been added to the mixture, continue stirring for about a minute, making sure everything is well mixed.
Scoop the mixture into a pan that has been lightly greased or lined with waxed paper.
Let rest for a few minutes.
Cut into squares or diamonds while still warm.
Let cool and serve.



Pre-heat oven to 190 C / Gas 5.
Grease a 23cm round cake tin.
Combine sugars, flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.
Mix well with a fork or a hand whisk.
Add the butter, soya milk and vanilla.
Mix well.
Add a tiny bit more milk if needed (a tablespoon at a time).
Fold in the grated carrots and rasins.
Spread the mixture into the prepared tin.
Bake for 55 minutes.
Check with a skewer or a knife if the cake is baked through.
If not cover with tin foil and bake for another 10 minutes.
Barely no cake mixture should stick to the skewer.
Leave it to cool for at least 30 minutes before removing from the tin.
Leave the cake to cool down in the fridge for at least an hour if applying icing on top of it.
Make a lemon icing by mixing the icing sugar with the lemon juice.
Add the lemon juice little by little, mixing with a whisk, till your desired consistency is achieved.



Layer frozen breasts in a round pie or casserole dish.
(Try to fit as many on the bottom as possible.)
Add enough water to cover the top layer at least half way.
Cover with tight fitting lid, or saran wrap.
Microwave on high for 10 minutes.
Let them sit for about 3 minutes, and then check on them (watch out for the steam, I always burn myself.)
Remove the cooked breasts from the bottom to a separate dish, recover the remaining breasts and cook for an additional 3-4 minutes depending on the thickness.
Use in whatever recipe as you desire - the water turns into a decent broth.
Update: I decided to try this with some frozen, skin on and bone in thighs.
It was a terrible mistake - the bones apparently make the cooking time considerably longer (upwards of 45 minutes.)
I would recommend just sticking with boneless skinless :-).



In a microwave-safe bowl, combine the marshmallows, candy coating and butter.
Microwave, uncovered, on high for 2 minutes or until melted, stirring every minute.
Add cereal; stir to coat.
Transfer to a greased 13-in.
x 9-in.
pan; gently press mixture evenly into pan.
Cut into squares.
Yield: about 3 dozen.



Mix all ingredients and refrigerate, covered, for 1/2 hour.
Serve with raw vegetables cut into decorative pieces.
Use carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, celery etc.
along with unusual vegetables such as fennel, endive and various colored peppers.



In a bowl, combine the cream and buttermilk or lemon juice.
Cover with a clean kitchen cloth in a warm, draft free place and let sit until thickened, but still pourable consistency, 12 to 16 hours.
Stir and refrigerate until ready to use.
(can be refrigerated up to 1 week.
).



Ice (shake) // rocks



Making the starter: Whisk 1st 6 ingredients together into a batter and store for 2 days.
It will rise, go down and then separate.
Making the cracker dough: Knead enough flour into 1 cup of starter dough to make a firm ball of dough.
Cover and let rise 1 hour.
In another bowl, mix the lard, salt, potato flakes, brown sugar and baking soda
Mix in lemon juice and 3 tablespoons water.
Knead this liquid into dough using paddle attachment of mixer.
Add more flour changing to dough hook as dough stiffens.
After 5 minutes you should have a stiff smooth ball of dough.
Rolling out dough: Cut the dough into 1/4s.
One at time, roll dough into a rectangle 3/8-inch thick.
Starting at one end, put through pasta roller.
Fold in thirds like a business letter.
Give a quarter turn and roll again.
Repeat the process 6 times.
going down to position # 6 on machine.
Use as little flour as possible.
The final dough should be 1/4 inch thick.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Cut 1 1/2 inch rounds.
Press tines of table fork through the rounds in 2 places.
Arrange on parchment paper.
Bake 8 minutes until the crackers have risen and are light golden brown.
Lower the temperature to 200 degrees and then let the crackers dry out in oven for 2 hours.



stir melted chocolate with sweetened condensed milk, I melt the chocolate in the microwave
add cold water and pudding mix.
Mix thoroughly.
cool for 30 minutes and then fold in whipped heavy cream.
(the chocolate base will be very thick, and this will take a bit of work).



In large bowl, dissolve sugar in water.
Sprinkle yeast over and let stand 10 min or possibly till foamy.
Combine flours and salt in separate bowl.
Stir oil into yeast mix, stir in half of flour mix.
Add in more flour till dough can be gathered into sticky ball.
Knead dough 5 min.
Cut in half.
Cover with waxed paper and let rise 10 min.
Roll each half into a 12" circle.
Transfer to lightly oiled pans.
Stretch dough into large circles.
Let rise 15 min before adding toppings.
Let raise 30 min for thicker crusts.



Heat oven 375.
Grease 8 x 8 baking dish.
Arrange apples in a Pan.
Mix remaining ingredients with fork & sprinkle over apples.
Bake until apples are tender and topping is golden brown, about 30 minutes.
Serve with whipped cream or ice cream.
Serves 6.



Pre-heat oven to 180C.
Warm the oil slightly.
Add salt and pepper.
Toss in the nuts.
Mix well.
Immediately spread out the oiled walnuts onto a baking sheet lined onto a baking tray.
Bake for 15-20 minutes, stirring and tossing the nuts frequently, until the nuts are light brown.
Cool the nuts completely.
Store in a tightly covered jar.



process cauliflower in processor until fine.
mix with masa flour.
microwave 2 minutes, stir.
microwave 2 minutes.
mash and squeeze together in your hands to form round ball.
roll out with rolling pin on parchment paper.
bake at 375 for 10 minutes, flip and bake for 5 to 10 more minutes.
cool.



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Lightly grease a muffin tin.
Combine all ingredients well so that the dough is smooth.
Drop the dough by spoonfuls into the muffin tins.
Bake in the preheated oven approx.
30 minutes or until biscuits are done.



Place the salt in a large pot of water and bring to a boil; add fettuccine and cook according to package directions for al dente; during the last 3 minutes of cooking, add the broccoli.
Drain in a colander, RESERVING 1 cup of the WATER; set aside.
Place the butter in the pot, reduce heat to medium-low ,and stir until melted; add 1/2 cup of the reserved pasta water, then stir in 1/3 cup of the Parmesan cheese.
Add the fettuccine and broccoli and the cayenne and nutmeg, if desired; toss.
Remove from heat and sprinkle with another 1/3 cup of the Parmesan cheese and the pepper, toss again.
Adding more pasta water if the fettuccine is too sticky; serve in bowls and sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan cheese, enjoy.



Preheat oven to 325F (160C).
Using electric mixer, beat butter and sugar in bowl until well combined.
Sift flour and salt into butter mixture.
Using fingertips rub mixture until moist clumps form.
Gently knead until soft dough forms.
Divide dough in half.
Press out 1 dough piece to 9.
5 inches round, about 1/4 inch; thick.
Roll lightly with rolling pin to smooth top.
Using 3 inch diameter cookie cutter, cut out in 8 cookies.
Reserve scraps.
Repat pressing, rolling and cutting with remaining dough piece.
Gather dough scraps together.
Press out dough scraps to form round and cut out additional cookies.
Arrange cookies on 2 large baking sheets.
Pierce each cookie several times with fork.
Bake until pale golden, about 12 minutes.
Cool slightly.
Transfer cookies to racks; cool completely.



Combine all ingredients in a pitcher, stirring until Splenda dissolves.
Serve over ice.
*Note: Gigner juice comes in tiny bottles in the juice or spice aisles at grocery stores.
If unavailbale, peel and chop a 3-inch piece of fresh ginger, then squeeze the pieces through a garlic press to collect the juice.



Preheat oven to 450 F. In a large bowl whisk together flours, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt.
Using two knives or a pastry blender, cut in butter cubes until the mixture resembles coarse meal.
Stir in the cold buttermilk just until all the flour is moistened and forms a ball.
Dont over mixthere should be lumps.
Gently pat the mixture out onto a lightly floured surface and cut it into 12 equal portions.
Shape each portion into a biscuit and place on a cookie sheet.
Brush tops with buttermilk and bake until golden brown, 10-12 minutes.
Enjoy.
**Note: All-purpose flour can be used instead of cake flour, or you can make your own cake flour.
To make 1 cup of cake flour, measure 1 cup of all-purpose flour, subtract 2 tablespoons of the flour and replace it with 2 tablespoons of cornstarch (aka corn flour).
Whisk well to mix together.



In a saucepan, bring the milk, water, sugar and cilantro to a boil; stir to dissolve the sugar.
Transfer to a stainless steel bowl set in an ice water bath; stir occasionally until cool.
In a blender, puree the sorbet mixture.
Strain through a fine sieve set over a bowl.
Stir in the lime juice, tequila and salt.
Freeze the sorbet in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Transfer to a shallow bowl, wrap with plastic and freeze until very firm, about 1 hour.



Bring sugar and orange juice to a rolling boil.
Boil one minute.
Add extract and walnuts.
Stir well until evenly coated
Pour walnuts onto wax paper.
Let sit until dried.
Store in airtight container.



Layer ingredients in order given in a 1-quart wide-mouth canning jar.
Press each layer firmly in place before adding next ingredient.
Attach this to the Jar.
Butterscotch Brownies 1 Empty jar of brownie mix into large mixing bowl.
Use your hands to thoroughly blend mix; 2 Add: 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter or margarine, not diet, very soft 2 eggs, slightly beaten and 2 tsp vanilla (opt.
); 3 Mix until completely blended; 4 Spread batter into a sprayed 9x13 metal pan; 5 Bake at 375 degrees F for 25 minutes.
Cool 15 minutes in baking pan.
Cut brownies into 1 1/2 inch squares.
Makes 2 dozen brownies.



Mix ingredients in large heavy nonstick skillet; cook on medium-high heat until sugar begins to melt around edge of skillet.
Reduce heat to medium; continue cooking until sugar is completely melted and almonds are evenly coated, stirring frequently.
Spread almonds into single layer on greased baking sheet or sheet of wax paper; cool completely.
Break into small pieces.
Store in tightly covered container at room temperature.



In a 4-quart saucepan over moderate heat, bring the cream, corn syrup, sugar, salt and chocolate to a boil, stirring constantly.
Simmer until mixture thickens, about 5 minutes.
Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter.
Serve while still warm.
What Makes This Recipe Sing: The versatility of this sauce makes it the WOW hostess gift.
Try with grilled fruit, over sponge cakes or even as a "no need for the fondue pot" chocolate dunk for fresh fruits, cookies and pound cakes.
This sauce is a classic and of course perfect for your favorite ice cream... My choice is peppermint ice cream.
Also, it makes for easily made s'mores and if all else fails, just use a good old-fashioned spoon!
BYOC: Try adding a swirl, by heating peanut butter and swirling in the fudge.
Add your favorite toasted nuts, a drop of peppermint or orange oil, or even your favorite cereal for a crunchy fudge sauce.



In a bowl whisk together the mustard, the vinegar, and salt to taste, add the oils in a stream, whisking, and whisk the vinaigrette until it is emulsified.
Stir in the tarragon.



Preheat oven to 350 F. Spray 1 large loaf pan or 3 mini loaf pans with cooking spray; set aside.
In a medium bowl, add yogurt, apple butter, sugar, eggs, oil, vanilla extract and cinnamon; mix until well blended.
In a separate bowl add flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; mix together.
Slowly incorporate the flour mixture into the apple butter mixture; mix until combined.
Do not over mix.
Fold in raisins.
Spoon batter into the prepared pans.
Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour for 1 large loaf or 35-40 minutes for 3 mini loaves, or until a wooden pick inserted into center comes out clean.
If needed, loosely tent the loaf/loaves with aluminum foil to prevent excessive browning.
Cool in pan(s) set on a wire rack 10 minutes; remove from pan to a wire rack to finish cooling.



Mix all ingredients together!
Enjoy.



Combine the butter, raspberry preserves, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment.
Serve at room temperature.



Mix first 6 ingredients in processor until pale green and well blended.
Transfer to small bowl.
Stir in capers.
Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Cover and chill.
(Can be made 1 day ahead.)



Add all ingredients into your blender and run 1 minute to combine.
Transfer to a tall glass, sip, and enjoy!



##For the Dough## Let the egg whites defrost naturally until they are liquid again.
Sift all the [*] ingredients together twice.
Take the egg whites and the granulated sugar and make the meringue.
Add in the granulated sugar into two steps.
Whip it until stiff peaks form.
Now take what you sifted together in Step 1 and divide it into two portions.
Mix each portion one by one into the middle of the meringue with a rubber spatula.
Mix the dough and press down with the rubber spatula and macaronage the dough (scoop up from around the sides of the bowl, plop dough down on top in the center, and gently "rub" your dough into the bowl.
Repeat).
Once the dough starts to become shiny, and it falls from the spatula in ribbons, it's ready.
Preheat your oven to 140C and pour the dough into a plastic bag with a small hole cut in.
Squeeze out the dough into 2.5 cm diameter pieces on top of parchment paper.
Let the dough sit out to dry for 1 hour at room temperature (let it sit out till it no longer sticks to your finger when you touch it).
Bake for 13 minutes at 140C.
Take out the tray, reverse it, and bake again for 2 minutes at 170C.
## For the Ganache ## Place the chocolate, broken up into small pieces, into the heavy cream.
Microwave it for 40 seconds and then mix well till it softens.
Once the ganache has stiffened up, spread it out on the cooled macaron biscuits, sandwich, and it's done!



Combine flour and salt; set aside.
Bring water to full rolling boil in large saucepan.
Remove from heat.
Add flour mixture; stir until well blended.
Cool 5 min.
Meanwhile, place a medium-size star tip in pastry bag.
(Or, use cookie press fitted with star-shaped attachment.)
Place dough in pastry bag; squeeze 6-inch lengths of dough onto large sheet of wax paper.
Heat oil in large deep skillet on medium-high heat.
Add half of the dough strips; cook 5 min.
or until golden brown, turning occasionally.
Drain on paper towels.
Repeat with remaining dough strips.
Place churros on serving platter; sprinkle evenly with cinnamon sugar.
Serve warm.



Melt the dark chocolate, the semi sweet chocolate and the cream in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water.
When melted and blended, remove from the heat and add chopped walnuts, mixing well.
Pour into a bowl and allow to cool until firm.
Then take spoonfuls and roll into balls and place on a cookie sheet.
Put in the freezer for about half an hour until firm and cold.
Melt the milk chocolate and dip the chocolate balls in it to coat.
Set on waxed paper and allow to harden.
Enjoy!



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Combine wet ingredients and sugar in one bowl, dry ingredients in another, then combine.
Chill for about in hour so the dough is easy to work with.
Form into balls and roll in sugar and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Bake for 10 minutes or until the tops just start to crack a bit.
Remove from oven and cool completely before filling.
Filling:.
Combine remaining 3 tablespoons margarine, lemon juice, and confectioner's sugar in bowl and whisk until smooth.
Spread heaping teaspoon filling over bottoms of half of cooled cookies.
Top with remaining cookies and let filling set 1 hour.
When cookies are cool, and filling is ready, just frost the bottom of one cookie with the frosting and place another cookie on top to make a sandwich.
Enjoy!



Mix oats, sugar, cocoa powder in a bowl.
Add the peanut butter and mix with hands until the peanut butter is fairly distributed (there might still be some clumps/dry mix).
Add the milk and continue mixing with hands until the mixture gets sticky, without any clumps or dry areas.
Form into balls (desired size) and place in the refrigerator for approx 10-20 minutes.
Dig in!



Combine the onion and the lemon juice, then add the curry powder.
With an electric beater slowly beat in the salad oil.
Place the drained olives in a jar, then pour the curry mixture over them.
Close the jar and refrigerate for at least 3 days to allow flavors to blend.



Beat the heavy whipping cream with the maple syrup into stiff peaks form' Serve over ice cream, pies or top mousses and anything else.



Line a large platter with plastic wrap.
Pour the maple syrup and whipping cream into a deep pan.
Properly fix the candy thermometer in the pan so not to touch the sides of the pan, or the bottom of the pan, leave at least a half inch space from the bottom of the pan.
Cook on medium-high heat.
Occasionally stir gently until thermometer reads 235 degrees (this will take about 20- 25 minutes).
Remove from heat and pour into a large bowl, make sure not to scrap the bottom of the pot.
Allow the fudge mixture to cool for 5 minutes without stirring.
With a wooden spoon gently stir the chopped walnuts into the fudge for about 3 - 4 minute.
When fudge starts to hold its shape without stirring gently scrap onto prepared platter, score into squares and store in a n airtight container.



Using a blender or food processor, blend the strawberries and sugar together.
Slowly pour in the milk and yogurt and blend until frothy.
Garnish with a lemon slice or sliced strawberry.



Combine apples, lemon juice, celery, pecans, mayonnaise, and salt; stir to blend.
Cover and refrigerate until about 1 hour before serving.
Fold in whipping cream.
Return salad to refrigerator until ready to serve.
Makes sufficient salad to fill 2 6-cup cranberry molds, with enough left over to surround mold with salad.



Melt 1/3 cup butter in a medium saucepan over low heat.
Remove from heat, and stir in 3 tablespoons water and vanilla.
Combine powdered sugar and milk powder; stir 1/2 cup at a time into butter mixture until smooth.
Stir in coconut.
Shape into 1-inch balls, and place on ungreased baking sheets.
Chill 20 minutes.
Place chocolate morsels in a small zip-top freezer bag; seal.
Submerge in hot water until chocolate melts.
Snip a TINY hole in one corner of bag, and drizzle chocolate over coconut balls.
Store in refrigerator.



Soak the raisins in the rum for 1 hour.
Gently heat the margarine, sugar and molasses until melted.
Remove from heat, and stir in the raisins and any remaining rum.
Gradually add the flour, cocoa powder and cinnamon, and then the soy milk.
Mix well, then spoon into a greased 7 inch pan.
Level the top, and bake at 350F for about 25 minutes; until risen and firm in the centre.
Remove from the pan and cool on a wire rack.
If desired, cover with melted chocolate and shredded coconut, and chill in the fridge before serving.



Dip moistened fish pcs proportionately but lightly in the flour.
Dust off any excess flour and allow pcs to air dry on waxed paper, about 5 min.
Whip the pancake mix with the club soda to the consistency of buttermilk- pourable, but not too thin and not too thick.
Beat in the onion pwdr and seasoned salt.
Dip floured fillets into batter and drop into 425 oil in heavy saucepan using meat thermometer.
Brown about 4 min per side.
Arrange on cookie sheet in 325 oven till all pcs have been fried.



Place ingredients in the bread machine pan in the order suggested by the manufacturer.
Select Basic or White Bread and 1 1/2 pound loaf settings.
Press Start.



Poke 5 or 6 holes with a wooden pick or skewer in each tomato and put in a shallow bowl.
Pour vodka over tomatoes and let stand, covered, tossing occasionally, 1 to 2 hours, or until soaked to desired taste.
In a small bowl stir together salt and pepper.
Serve tomatoes with seasoned salt for dipping.



Pour milk into blender container.
Add drink mix, berries and yogurt; cover.
Blend on high speed until smooth.
Serve immediately.



Set oven to broil.
Spray Pam on large baking sheet.
In a small bowl combine the rest of the ingredients.
Mix well.
Arrange fillets in a single layer on baking sheet.
Broil for 2-3 minutes.
Turn the fish over and broil 2-3 minutes more.
Remove from oven and top with Parmesan mixture, only the tops.
Return to oven and broil until golden brown on top and fish flakes easily.
This takes about 3 minutes.



Line a baking sheet with foil or wax paper, or spray with non-stick cooking spray.
In a small heavy saucepan, melt the butter, brown sugar and corn syrup over medium heat to dissolve the sugar.
Stir in the five-spice powder.
Bring to a boil.
Let boil for several minutes without stirring.
When it reaches the "soft ball" stage remove from the heat.
Stir in the peanuts.
Spread the mixture out on the sheet.
Let stand until it has hardened.
Break into pieces.
Store in a sealed cannister.



Whisk ingredients together until smooth.
Brush on Chicken near end of baking, grilling, or broiling.



Whip cream cheese (or buy the "whipped" in the carton)
Combine with other indgredients.
Keep chilled.
Serve with raw vegetables!



in a saucepan, melt together peanut butter and honey.
toss in everything else and wearing rubber gloves, shape into balls.
let sit on wax paper 20 mins to an hour.



Mix all spices together.
Put in an empty salt shaker.
Add a couple grains of uncooked rice to prevent clumping.
Use instead of salt to add flavor to your food.



Cream the cornmeal, salt, and butter together.
Add the milk and enough water to make a moist but firm batter.
Drop by large spoonfuls onto a hot greased griddle, and flatten slightly with the back of a spoon.
When brown, turn and cook the other side.



In a nonstick saucepan sprayed with vegetable spray, heat the oil over medium-low heat.
Stir in the garlic and leeks.
Cook, covered, for 3 minutes or until softened.
Stir in the squash, stock, carrot, cinnamon and ginger and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover and cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the vegetables aretender.
Add the molasses and honey.
Transfer the soup to a food processor or blender and puree until smooth.
Garnish with a dollop of yogurt or sour cream.



Beat cream chesse in a bowl on high for 2 min or until smooth
Add relish and beat on mid until combined
Put in a severing dish sprinkle around some chips and enjoy.



Note: Cook time is the time it takes for sorbet to freeze.
1.
Combine water and sugar in a small saucepan.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Turn heat to low and simmer for 6 minutes.
Turn off heat and allow to cool to room temperature.
Cover and chill in refrigerator for 1 hour.
2.
Place watermelon and lime juice in a food processor and pulse until smooth.
You may need to do this in two batches if you have a small food processor.
Process less if you want to have chunks of watermelon in your sorbet.
3.
Stir in sugar mixture.
4.
Pour watermelon into a shallow metal baking dish and freeze for 30 minutes or until ice crystals begin to form.
Stir the mixture so that the ice crystals are now in the middle of the pan.
Repeat this process every 20 minutes until mixture is frozen.
5.
Serve immediately.
If you arent able to serve immediately, take out dish 10 minutes before serving.
Scoop out chunks of sorbet, place in food processor, and pulse until you reach desired consistency.
This recipe is adapted from Eating Well.



1.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat and spray with cooking spray.
2.
Add the ground beef.
Brown until the meat is cooked through with no pink left.
3.
Drain off any grease.
Return meat to the pan.
4.
Add the pasta, milk, water, cornstarch, salt and spices.
Stir to combine.
5.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 10-12 minutes, or until the pasta is cooked al dente (refer to pasta package instructions for cooking time for al dente).
6.
Add cheeses and combine.
7.
Serve immediately and enjoy!



To Make the Cake:
Preheat the oven to 350F (150C, or gas mark 4).
Grease two 9-inch (23 cm) cake pans and line the bottoms with circles of parchment paper.
This is very important to prevent sticking!
In a large bowl, sift together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cornstarch, and salt.
(You dont have to sift, but it makes for a lighter cake.)
In another bowl, combine the margarine, milk, and vanilla.
Using a mixer, mix the wet ingredients into the dry, about 1/2 cup (120 ml) at a time, and mix until smooth.
Pour into the prepared pans and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean.
Let cool completely and then trace a knife around the perimeter of each cake to loosen before removing from the pans.
To Make the Creamy Filling:
Process all the filling ingredients in the food processor until smooth.
To Make the Ganache: In a medium saucepan, whisk all the ganache ingredients together over medium heat until smooth and just melted.
Do not refrigerate.
Place one cake on a serving dish.
Spread the creamy filling on top and top with the other cake, flat side up.
Pour the ganache over the top while still warmish, allowing it to drip down the sides.
Refrigerate for a few hours before cutting.



In a heavy saucepan, melt all ingredients - stirring constantly - over low heat.
Let cool - pour over a delecate cake while slightly warm, or cool totally, whip lightly, and use as icing.
YUMMO!



MIX grapes, almonds and cinnamon in small bowl.
DIVIDE into 4 equal portions and serve.



In a large bowl, combine the rice, chicken, celery, green onions, bell peppers, sour cream, mayonnaise, chutney, curry and salt.
Mix well, cover and refrigerate until chilled.
Sprinkle with pine nuts before serving.



In a medium saucepan, combine peas, water, and salt.
Bring to a boil, then stir in butter.
In a small bowl, whisk together cream, flour, and sugar.
Stir mixture into peas.
Cook over medium-high heat until thick and bubbly, about 5 minutes.



Make sauce with soy, sugar, molasses, catsup and garlic.
Cut pork loin into 1 1/2x4-inch strips.
Marinate meat for 2 hours in sauce; store in the refrigerator.
Bake in oven for 1 hour at 350 basting often.
Serve with hot mustard on the side.



Preheat the oven to 400F.
Prepare a 12-muffin tin by generously greasing 10 of the tins with butter.
Combine the thawed corn, milk, vinegar, sugar, and applesauce in a blender.
Blend for 10 seconds to break up the corn kernels.
Set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, and salt.
Sift in the baking powder and baking soda.
Whisk to combine.
Make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and add the milk mixture.
Fold together gently to combine; do not overwork the batter.
Transfer 1/4 cup batter to each of the 10 buttered muffin tins.
Bake until they are light golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the muffin in the middle tin comes out clean, about 15 minutes.
Cool the muffin tin on a wire rack for 5 minutes.
Remove the muffins to the rack and continue to cool them for 5 more minutes before serving.



With 1 tablespoons butter, butter a 2-quart baking dish, place a layer of about 1/3 of the potatoes.
In a cup or small bowl, combine flour with salt and pepper.
Sprinkle about half of the flour mixture over the onions & potatoes; repeat with another layer of potatoes and the flour mixture and top with remaining potato slices.
Dot with 3 tablespoons butter then pour hot milk over potatoes.
Cover and bake at 355 for 50 minutes.
Uncover; sprinkle cheese over the top.
Return to the oven and bake, uncovered, for an additional 10 minutes, or until scalloped potatoes are tender and cheese has melted.
Scalloped potatoes serves 6 to 8.



Cut rib rack crosswise in half, place both halves in a large reseable plastic bag.
Add dressing and lemon juice.
Seal bag.
Shake bag several times to evenly coat ribs with dressing mixture.
Refrigerate overnight to marinate.
Grill ribs 30 min or until cooked through, turning and brushing occasionally with the bbq sauce.



Blend the ingredients in a blender to properly incorporate.
Yes, it's supposed to be a little "pulpy", just like it is in WWOHP.



To mix the dough by hand, combine flour, salt and baking powder in a mediumsized mixing bowl and stir well to mix.
Cut butter into 1 tablespoon pieces and add to dry ingredients.
Toss once or twice to coat pieces of butter.
Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients.
Keep the mixture uniform by occasionally reaching down to the bottom of the bowl and mixing all the ingredients evenly together.
Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible.
Sprinkle the minimum amount of water over the butter and flour mixture and stir gently with a fork the dough should begin holding together.
If the mixture still appears dry and crumbly, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time for the smaller quantity of dough, a tablespoon at a time for the larger quantity, until the dough holds together easily.
To mix the dough in the food processor, combine flour, salt and baking powder in work bowl fitted with metal blade.
Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix.
Cut butter into 1 tablespoon pieces and add to work bowl.
Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible about 15 pulses in all.
Scatter the minimum amount of water on the butter and flour mixture and pulse 5 or 6 times the dough should begin holding If the mixture still appears dry and crumbly, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time for the smaller quantity of dough, one tablespoon at a time for the larger quantity, until the dough holds together easily.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and form it into a disk (two equal disks for the larger amount of dough).
Sandwich the disk(s) of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press it into a 6inch circle.
Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
With an electric mixer, cream butter in a large bowl.
Beat in icing sugar & vanilla.
Add salt, then flour to creamed mixture.
(Mixture will still be crumbly.
).
With your hands or a wooden spoon, add the pecans until evenly distributed.
(Mixture will now resemble cookie dough.
).
Shape dough into the size of dates (make a ball between your hands & then slightly squish to give the oblong shape), dredge in superfine sugar & place on ungreased cookie sheets.
Bake 25 minutes until lightly browned.



Combine all ingredients.
Shape into ball.
Bake for 25 minutes at 400 degrees.



Preheat oven to 350F.
In a shallow baking pan spread almonds in one layer and toast in middle of oven until pale golden and fragrant, about 10 minutes.
Cool nuts and finely chop 1/2 cup.
Lightly oil a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-inch metal baking pan.
Cut butter into 16 pieces and in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan combine with sugar, corn syrup, and 2 tablespoons water.
Bring mixture to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and boil, stirring occasionally, until thermometer registers 290F.
,about 7 minutes.
Quickly stir in slivered almonds and immediately pour mixture into baking pan.
With an offset or wooden spatula quickly spread toffee in an even layer as close to edges of pan as possible.
Let mixture stand 1 minute (it will still be very hot) and sprinkle evenly with chocolate chips.
Let chips melt and with spatula spread chocolate evenly over toffee.
Sprinkle chopped nuts evenly over chocolate, gently pressing them into it.
Chill toffee until chocolate is firm, at least 2 hours, and up to 2 weeks, covering tightly after 2 hours.
Break toffee into bite-size pieces and keep chilled to prevent chocolate from melting.



Process the raisin bran and brown rice cereals, peanut butter, maple syrup, cherries and 1 tablespoon water in a food processor until the mixture is finely chopped and comes together in a big ball.
Roll some into a small ball; if it seems too dry and crumbly, add 1 more tablespoon water.
Scoop the mixture into slightly mounded tablespoons, then roll them into smooth balls.
(Dampen your hands with a little water to help you roll.)
If using the bananas, pulse them in a food processor until finely ground.
Pour them into a small bowl.
Roll each truffle in the banana dust until coated.
If using the cocoa, pour it into a small bowl, then roll each truffle in it until coated.
Store the balls at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 2 days.



Combine all ingredients into a blender.
Blend until mixture is thick and slushy.
Serve immediately.
It is nice to chill glasses before serving.



Brown and crumble sausage until its crispy.
I like to burn mine just a little.
Don't worry, it re-hydrates when you add the milk and creams.
While browning, mix 1 1/2 cup milk with the cornstarch.
Add in the softened sour cream and mix thoroughly.
Combine the remaining milk and heavy cream.
Once sausage is browned (don't drain off all of the fat, leave at least a few teaspoons), reduce heat to medium-low and pour in the milk/cornstarch/sour cream mixture.
Stir constantly until it just begins to thicken.
Add spices.
Once the mixture has begun to thicken, add the milk and cream and increase temperature to medium high, stirring constantly, until it begins to bubble.
Once it has started bubbling, reduce again to medium low.
It needs a lot of attention, so keep stirring until it has reached your desired consistency.
Make sure you keep tasting it too!
Add more salt and pepper as needed.
Serve over hot biscuits or grits or eggs or whatever you like your sausage gravy on!



Place the chopped chocolate into the bowl of a food processor.
Heat the heavy cream in a quart-sized, microwavable container and microwave for 3 to 4 minutes on high, or until it just begins to simmer; be careful not to allow cream to boil over.
Pour the cream over the chocolate and let stand for 2 minutes.
Process by pulsing several times until chocolate mixture is smooth.
Use as is for glazing.
If you wish to make a lighter frosting, allow it to come to room temperature, approximately 2 hours.
Once at room temperature, place in the bowl of a stand mixer and whisk on high for 2 to 3 minutes.



Stir all ingredients in a thick bottomed saucepan over low heat until well dissolved.
Bring to a boil and boil for exactly one minute.
Remove from heat and continue to stir until thickened.



Wash the tomatoes and bring a large pot of water to a boil.
When the water is boiling, submerge the tomatoes for a few seconds to scald them and remove to a bowl of cold water to stop the tomaotes from cooking.
Peel them, cut in half and remove seeds.
Weigh the tomatoes.
For every 3kg of tomato flesh, you'll need 1.5kg sugar and 500ml water.
Put the water and sugar in a pan on the stove top.
Stir over medium heat until the sugar has dissolved in the water, making a syrup.
Bring the syrup to a boil, add tomatoes, and cook for 15-20 minutes, lowering the heat to a simmer.
Be sure to watch the pot so that it doesn't boil over-it gets foamy!
The foam can be skimmed off the top.
After 20 minutes, turn the stove off and let the mixture sit for a few hours.
After a few hours, re-heat, stirring continuously with a wooden spoon, taking care that it doesn't stick or burn.
Bring it to a boil, then lower the heat and let cook for 1-2 hours, stirring periodically.
The timing is a bit vague but you want to get to the syrup to a jelly set or when the temperature stablises to 104 C (219 F).
After this time, the tomatoes should have a shininess and transparent look.
Prepare your jam jars.
There is a number of methods but I prefer to wash the jars, drain them well then place in the oven at 100C for 15 minutes Place the lids in a pan and boil for 10 minutes.
Pour the hot jam into the hot jars (use a jam funnel it makes it so much easier).
Seal the jars immediately and then place in a pan with a cake rack at the bottom and pour over hot water to fully submerge the jars and simmer for 10 minutes (You don't want the jars to sit directly on the bottom of the pan you can also use an old tea towel).
Remove and cool.
Using this method I have not had a problem with jam spoiling.



Combine all ingredients in a large saucepan.
Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
Reduce heat to a simmer and put cover for 3 minutes to get sugar crystals off the sides of the pan.
Uncover and simmer, stirring often, until it reaches the soft ball stage.
Cool and store in a covered container at room temperature.
Your syrup should keep for about 2 months.
Makes about 2 cups.



Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.
Whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large mixting bowl.
Cut in the oil with a fork or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Using a fork, stir in just enough of the milk so that the dry ingredients are moistened and the dough comes together.
(Too much milk will make the dough sticky; too little will make the biscuits dry.)
Gather the dough in a ball and turn it out onto a lightly floured work surface.
Knead it gently 20 to 25 times.
Then smooth it into a ball.
Roll or pat the dough into a 1/2-inch thick round and cut it with a floured 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter or the rim of a glass.
Push the center straight down into the dough without twisting it.
Reroll and recut the scraps of dough.
Place the biscuits on an ungreased baking sheet about an inch apart for crusty sides or touching for soft sides.
Bake on the center shelf of the oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the bottoms are lightly browned.
Do not overbake.
Serve hot or warm.



Line a baking sheet with waxed paper.
Melt butter in a skillet over medium-high heat; add almonds, sugar, and syrup.
Cook and stir the almonds until the mixture turns caramel in color, about 6 minutes.
Spread the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet in a thin layer.
Cool until the mixture hardens and break into pieces to serve.



In your food processor bowl, with metal chopping blade, combine all, except the butter.
Process this mixture until the cilantro is finely chopped, scraping the bowl if necessary.
Add the butter and process until well blended.
Serve as you would plain butter over hot cooked corn on the cob or other steamed vegetables.
ENJOY!



Puree all ingredients together until smooth.
Chill and serve.
My salad: spring mix, sliced strawberries, feta cheese, purple onion and almonds.



In a large glass or metal bowl combine all dry ingredients.
Melt almond bark in the microwave.
Pour over dry ingredients.
Stir to coat well.
If coating starts getting too firm before you are done mixing it, put the bowl in a 200 degree oven for 3-5 minutes.
Then stir again to coat well.
Drop by spoonfulls on waxed paper.



Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Wash and trim the kale: peel off the tough stems by folding the kale leaves in half like a book and stripping the stems off.
You can toss the kale with extra virgin olive oil or I prefer to put the oil on my hands and coat the front and back of the leaves.
Roast for five minutes.
Turn kale over.
Roast another 7 to 10 minutes until kale turns brown and becomes paper thin and brittle.
Remove from the oven and sprinkle with sea salt.
Serve immediately.



Mix ingredients together and put over beef.



Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, grated cheese, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, salt and sugar in blender container.
Cover and blend at high speed until smooth.
Scrape down sides of container as necessary.
Combine broccoli, cauliflower, diced cheese and onions in a large bowl.
Pour dressing over all; toss to coat.



Squeeze grapes to separate pulp from skins.
Boil pulp 5 minutes, then strain to remove seeds.
Add skins to pulp and boil 10 minutes.
Combine cornstarch and sugar, mixing until well blended.
Add this to grape mixture along with the lemon juice, bringing to a boil again and cooking until thick.
Cool.
Heat oven to 350 degrees.
Mix oats, flour and brown sugar.
Cut in butter until crumbly.
Press half of this mixture into a greased 8x8-inch baking pan.
Spread with grape mixture.
Top with remaining oat mixture.
Bake 45 minutes until golden.



Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
To prepare Brussels sprouts, cut off stems and remove any outer leaves that have brown spots.
Cut Brussels sprouts into thin slices (I tried using my food processor to shred them, but they came out too fine).
Toss Brussels sprouts, onion, soy sauce and sesame oil together in a large bowl.
Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Bake 15 minutes, or until tender.
Remove from oven and sprinkle balsamic vinegar on top.
Toss and serve.



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set a wire rack over the foil.
Use a baking sheet that has sides to catch the grease.
In a small bowl, stir together the brown sugar, mustard powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper.
Press each slice of bacon into the mixture until coated.
Twist each strip a few times and place on the prepared baking rack.
Bake until bacon is browned and crisp enough to hold its shape, about 30 minutes.



Prunes are better for this recips.
They have less liquid.
Wash plums and remove all stones.
Chop in the food processor so it is almost a puree.
Mix with sugar.
Cook in the stainless steel pot.
Bring to a full boil and then reduce to a small heat.
Stir occasionally and remove foam.
It usually takes 3-4 hours of slow cooking.
It is ready when liquid evaporates and color of the jam becomes a lot darker then when you started.Volume of cooking mass will decrease to about 2/3 of the starting volume.
Cool completely and store in the clean jar in the refrigerator.
It lasts until next season.
No need to freeze.When it is ready and completely cool it should spread like a peanut butter.



Pop the popcorn the way you normally would.
If you have never made homemade popcorn, place 1 1/2 tablespoons of vegetable or canola oil into a pan that has a lid.
I wouldnt use a non-stick pan.
Turn stove-top on medium high and place 2 kernels in the pan with the oil.
Wait until you hear them pop.
Once they have popped place the remaining popcorn kernels into the pan and move it around so all of the oil gets onto the kernels.
Once popcorn starts popping pick up the pan slightly and in a rotating motion make small circles over stove top burner.
Once the popcorn stops popping or slows down to 1 or 2 pops per couple seconds remove pan from heat and immediately place popped popcorn into 2 large microwave safe bowls (while you do this, remove all kernels that did not pop).
You should place popcorn into each bowl so that they are only halfway full.
*If there is leftover popcorn, it is okay.
Just set it aside in another bowl.
You can toss the leftovers into one of the 2 bowls once you have finished the process.
You just need to make sure that you have plenty of room in the bowls to work.
Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside.
To make the caramel melt the butter over medium heat in a medium sauce pan.
Once all the butter is melted add in the corn syrup and brown sugar.
Stirring frequently, increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a boil.
Once the mixture starts to boil, stop stirring and let the mixture boil for 4-5 minutes making sure to not burn it.
You want an amber color brownso make sure to watch it.
Once the caramel has boiled for 4-5 minutes or has turned amber in color, remove pan from the heat.
Stir in the baking soda and vanilla.
The mixture will start to bubble, this is normal.
Preheat oven to 250 F.
Pour the caramel sauce equally over the popcorn in the bowls and toss to coat evenly.
Remember if you have leftover popcorn make sure to estimate dividing the caramel into thirds, not halves.
I started off using a big salad spoon to toss the mixture.
Then once the caramel cooled down a bit I used my fingers and hands to toss the rest.
Spread the tossed popcorn onto the 2 baking sheets.
*Even if you had to toss a third bowl of popcorn it should all fit on the 2 baking sheets.
Bake for 40-50 minutes, removing the popcorn from the oven every 10 minutes to toss and stir.
After 40 minutes, remove the pans from the oven.
Pull out a piece of popcorn, let it cool completely and try it.
If it is not crispy, stick the sheets of popcorn back into the oven for another 10 minutes.
After 50 minutes maximum, take popcorn out of the oven and place the pans on wire racks to cool.
Once completely cooled break caramel corn into pieces and serve.
Recipe Adapted from: Annies Eats.



Fit a kneader blade on a heavy-duty stand mixer.
Proof 1 tablespoon yeast in 3/4 cup warm water with 1 teaspoon sugar for 8-10 minutes or until foamy.
In the stainless steel mixing bowl add in 2 cups EACH white and whole wheat bread flour and the rolled oats; mix slightly to combine with a spoon.
In the microwave warm the buttermilk, butter, 3 tablespoons sugar and 1-1/2 teaspoons salt for about 40 seconds until warm (the butter does not have to melt completely) then pour into the stainless steel mixing bowl with the flour.
After the yeast is proofed, add into the bowl along with the 1/2 teaspoon baking soda and start mixing/kneading adding in more WHITE flour as needed to create a soft semi-sticky dough (because of the oatmeal and whole wheat flour the dough will be more sticky than usual).
Knead for 10 minutes.
Remove the dough to a lightly-floured surface; cover with a clean tea towel and let rest for 10 minutes.
Gather up the dough and knead gently for about 15 seconds with your hands (it will come together nicely).
Generously grease a large bowl with oil.
Place the dough in the bowl, cover with plastic wrap or a clean tea towel and let rise for about 1 hour and 15 minutes (it might take more or less time depending on the temperature of your kitchen, or place in a warmed oven to rise).
Remove and punch down dough.
Place on a floured surface and roll out to about 14x8 inches (does not have to be exact size!
).
Roll up tightly and tuck the sides under to fit the 8x4-inch loaf pan (I just slice off the ends of the dough enough to fit into the pan and pinch the dough together, it makes for a more even loaf).
Cover and let rise for about 30-45 minutes (depending on how warm your kitchen is) in a warm place covered with a clean tea towel.
Bake for about 30 minutes in a 375F oven.



In a blender container or food processor bowl combine 1 1/2 cups of the lemonade, the blueberries, and sugar.
Cover and blend or process until smooth.
Place the yogurt in the freezer container of a 4 quart ice cream freezer.
Stir in berry mixture and remaining 1 1/2 cups lemonade.
Freeze mixture according to the manufacturer's directions.
Ripen 4 hours.



Blend the cocoa powder, sugar, cold milk and cornstarch together well.
In a saucepot heat the one cup milk, to simmering point, and stir in the ingredients, and cook for one or two minutes, until dissolved and hot.
Stirring well.
Pour into cup, top with mallows or whipped cream.



Combine all ingredients is a medium size bowl.
Serve with apple slices.



Make on dough cycle or on MANUAL.
This dough also make excellent cinnamon rolls roll out dough into a rectangle about 1/4 to 18 inch thick depend on how many and how big you want to make them.
Take 1 TBL of soft butter and spread all around leaving 1/4 inch of edge.
Then sprinkle cinnamon all around as much as you want then take 1/2 cup brown sugar and sprinkle.
You can also add the same amount of chopped nuts and raisins.
Roll up into a log and cut off about 1 1/2 to 2 inches and place in a lightly greased pan.
Let rise 45 minutes and bake 15 to twenty minutes at 350F (180C).



Preheat oven to 325.
Grease a 9" baking pan (square or round).
In a mixing bowl, beat together butter, brown sugar and vanilla.
Gradually beat in pecans and flour.
Press mixture into prepared pan and prick top with tines of a fork.
Bake at 325 for about 30 minutes or until slightly browned and puffy.
Remove from the oven and carefully cut into wedges using a sharp knife BEFORE allowing it to cool.



Preheat the oven to 400F and lightly oil an ovenproof pan large enough to accommodate all of the fillets in a single layer.
Stir the lemon juice and salt together, then coat the halibut in the mixture and refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Pat the fillets dry with paper towels and place them in the prepared pan.
Brush each fillet with 1/4 teaspoon of the olive oil and top with 1/4 cup of the tomato sauce.
Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the fish is opaque and flakes easily.
To be certain the fish is done, push a two-pronged kitchen fork straight down into the flesh.
If you feel no resistance, the fish is cooked; if not, return the fish to the oven for another minute or two.
Top each fillet with 1 tablespoon of the relish before serving.
For a totally different taste sensation, marinate the halibut in Cilantro Lime Vinaigrette (page 181) for 30 minutes.
Pat the fillets dry with paper towels.
Sprinkle each fillet with a pinch of salt and a pinch of cayenne, and bake as above.
Top with a dollop of Mango and Avocado Salsa (page 185) before serving.
Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for 2 days.
(per serving)
Calories: 380
Total Fat: 28g (4.7g saturated, 17.4g monounsaturated)
Carbohydrates: 5g
Protein: 26g
Fiber: 1g
Sodium: 450mg
Nutritionists tout fish as a great source of omega-3 fatty acids, which studies suggest may be beneficial for people fighting breast and prostate cancer.
But recent research suggests that not all fish are created equal, and what people really should be looking at is the ratio of omega-3 to omega-6, as omega-6s may promote cancer growth.
This ratio could be at the heart of the benefits of the so-called Mediterranean diet, which some researchers believe is linked to lower cancer rates in Mediterranean countries.
The magic ratio of omega-3s to omega-6s appears to be no less than 1 to 1 (and preferably a lot more omega 3s).
For example, halibuts ratio is 2.5 to 1 (good), wild king salmon comes in at 5.6 to 1 (better), and fish roe weighs in at 11.1 to 1 (a slam dunk).
By contrast, farm-raised catfish has fifty times more omega-6s than omega-3s.
A good rule of thumb is to look for wild fish, as opposed to farm-raised, since the feed given to some cultivated fish can be high in omega-6s.



Beat the cream cheese to a smooth consistency, gradually adding the basil.
Blend in the sour cream and add the remaining ingredients, blending well.
Cover and chill.
SUGGESTED DIPPERS: Unsalted Potato Chips, Water Crackers, Green Bell Peppers, Mushrooms, Brussels
Sprouts, Fennel, Smoked Deli Meats



Place brisket in baking dish.
In a bowl, mix 1st five ingredients and pour over brisket, cover tightly w/ foil.
Bake at 300 degrees for 3 hours.
Serve sliced w/ noodles or mashed potatoes.



Stir first 4 ingredients constantly in heavy saucepan.
Boil to 210 degrees (on candy thermometer).
Pour in pecans and butter.
Boil to 230 degrees.
Cool slightly and beat until creamy.
When mixture starts to turn lighter in color turn out quickly.
Drop by spoonfuls onto wax paper.



Mix all ingredients in LARGE pan, simmer at least 1 hour in 350 degree oven.
Stir occasionally to keep from sticking.



Preheat oven to 350 and line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment or a silcone mat, or oil.
Combine the honey, maple syrup, oil, water and vanilla, set aside.
Toss together all of the dry ingredients.
(leaving the raisins and dried fruit out until after the granola is baked).
Add the honey mixture and toss with a spoon until the oats are well covered.
Spread the granola over two rimmed baking sheets in a thin layer.
Bake for 25-30 minutes.
After 10 minutes toss the granola with a spoon and rotate the trays from top to bottom so they both bake evenly.
keep a close eye on it as it starts to turn brown so it doesnt over bake.
It will be a deep golden brown when it is done.
Allow the granola to cool on cooling rack and then put in a large bowl and add the dried fruit.
Eat as a breakfast cereal, give as gifts in glass jars.



Whisk oil, honey, lemon juice, mayonnaise and mustard until well combined.
Remix before using.



Dissolve 1 Tbsp.
sugar and yeast in 1/2 c. hot water.
Set aside till creamy.
In a large bowl, mix together oil, 2 1/3 c. water, salt, and 4 Tbsp.
sugar.
Add in yeast, and gradually fold in flour.
Place dough in a buttered bowl, and turn to coat.
Cover with a damp tea towel, and place in a hot place to rise for 1 1/2 hrs.
Form dough into balls about the size of Large eggs, then roll flat to making ovals about 1/4 inch thick.
Heat oil to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) in a deep fryer, pot, or possibly electric frying pan.
Fry beaver tails one at a time, till light brown on both sides.
Place on paper towels to drain.
Sprinkle with white sugar, cinnamon, and lemon juice while still warm.
Makes 3 dozen
Note: If you ever visited Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in the winter months on the Rideau Canal, that is the longest skating rink in the world, they serve what is called Beaver Tails.
This is a pastry with sugar on top.
I could not get the authentic recipe since it is their trade secret, but I do have a replica of what they serve.
The beaver is the national animal of Canada.



In a food processor fitted with a metal blade, process confectioner's sugar, cocoa powder, butter, chocolate liqueur, coffee and salt until smooth, scraping down sides as necessary.
Spread frosting on cooled cupcakes.



Combine flours and salt.
Mix water and 2 tsp oil, stir into flour mixture to make a soft dough.
Divide dough into 12 even pieces.
Shape each into a small ball.
Coat palms with remaining oil.
Roll each ball in oiled hands.
Place in a bowl and cover with a cloth or plastic wrap.
Let stand about 15 min.
Preheat an ungreased frypan.
Shape each ball into a very flat 4" round patty.
Roll out on a lightly floured surface to a 6" circle.
Cook each round on preheated frypan until bubbles form on top, and underside is flecked with brown but not too crisp and still flexible.
Stack cooked tortillas, cover with a dry cloth towel.
Serve immediately or reheat in 350F oven before serving.
Cut in wedges and crisp to make chips for dips or serve with melted cheese and chilies as nachos.



Cook carrots in margarine til tender-crisp, about 5 min.
Add in water, apple juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, salt, rice, cinnamon and raisins.
Bring to a boil.
REDUCE heat, cover and simmer til rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 15 min.
Gently stir in green onions and apples, heat thoroughly.
Turn into a serving dish and top with sesame seeds.
charset=US-ASCII Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
very versed in Judaism :-) ) ) ) Oh, and you are supposed to have meat too, but I do not know why.
She
I can think of two reasons for the meat.
One is simple - there is a old saying in Judaism (from the days when neither was more than weekly fare any way) - "There is no simcha [joy] without meat and wine."
Every meal in the sukkah should be a celebration (which's why I suggested bread with each meal.)
Another (and this is pure speculation) may harken all the way back to Temple days, when there would be massive, and ever-increasing, extra daily sacrifices during the week of Sukkot.
This is a pilgrimage festival as well, so Jerusalem would be filled with people.
It just makes sense which the extra meat (once the priests and Levites get their shares) would be distributed to the crowds.
I could easily be wrong - anyone know what happened to all the Sukkot sacrifices
One sharp pepper is better than a basketful of melons.
-Jewish Proverb



mix all together and enjoy!



Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a cup or small bowl, stir together the milk and vinegar.
Let stand 10 minutes, or until curdled.
In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, salt and baking soda.
Stir in the curdled milk mixture until smooth.
Scrape the dough out of the bowl onto a floured surface, and shape into a disc.
Place the disc into a cast iron skillet.
Bake for 15 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the crust feels firm to the touch.



Mix Italian dressing, hot pepper sauce, and cayenne pepper together in a bowl.



Sprinkle salt over vegetables and let set overnight; drain well.
Bring to a boil: 1 teaspoon mustard seed 1/2 gallon white vinegar
Add in vegetables to boiling liquid and cook till vegetables change color.
Put into jars and seal.



Peel the onions.
Place them in a large crock.
Bring 1 cup of salt and 2 quarts of water to a boil, and pour over the onions.
Let stand for 2 days in a cool spot, then drain them.
Make more brine, and pour it while hot over the onions.
Let stand for 2 more days, then drain them.
Put your jars in a canner, and cover with water.
Bring to a boil and boil 10 minutes.
Make more brine and this time add the onions, and boil them for 3 minutes.
Fill the hot sterilized jars with the drained onions.
Mix the vinegar, water and sugar.
Heat to boiling and pour over the onions.
Seal at once, according to manufacturer's instructions (generally, boil lids for 5 minutes) and process in boiling water for 10-15 minutes.
Jars should be kept in a cool, dry, dark place until opened.
Leave them at least a couple weeks.
Once opened, store each jar in the fridge.



Combine the powdered sugar and lemon juice, and whisk together until smooth.



Place peaches in a large stockpot of boiling water; cook 1 minute.
Drain and plunge peaches into ice water; drain.
Peel peaches; coarsely chop.Combine chopped peaches, sugar, and remaining ingredients in a large, heavy stockpot; bring to a boil, stirring occasionally.
Reduce heat, and simmer until slightly thick and reduced to 6 cups (about 45 minutes), skimming the foam from surface of mixture occasionally.
Cool; discard basil.
Pour into an airtight container.
(Mixture will thicken as it cools.)
Cover and chill.Note: Refrigerate jam in an airtight container for up to three weeks.



Combine all ingredients in food processor or blender.
Whip until well blended and powdered.



Place cactus pears in a blender and pulse until smooth.
Combine sugar, water and salt in a small saucepan.
Warm mixture over medium heat until sugar is dissolved.
Add simple syrup and lemon juice to pears and blend until smooth.
Pour mixture into a bowl through a sieve.
Chill about 4 hours or up to overnight.
Freeze using ice cream machine according to manufacturers instructions.
Let set completely in freezer.
Enjoy.



1.
Combine the warm water and yeast in a large bowl; let stand 5 minutes or until bubbles form on the surface.
Weigh or lightly spoon all but 1/4 cup flour into dry measuring cups; level with a knife.
Add flour and salt to yeast mixture.
Stir until a soft dough forms.
Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead for 2-3 minutes or until smooth and elastic; add enough of remaining 1/4 cup flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, to prevent dough from sticking to hands.
Place dough in a large bowl coated with cooking spray, turning to coat top.
Cover and let rise in a warm place (85 degrees F), free from drafts for 30 minutes.
2.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 12 equal portions (I divided the dough into 2 large portions, then each of the 2 into 6 smaller ones).
Working with 1 portion at a time (cover remaining dough to prevent from drying), shape each portion into a ball.
Make a hole in the center of each ball using your index finger.
Using fingers of both hands, gently pull dough away from the center to make a 1/2-inch hole.
Place bagels on a baking sheet coated with nonstick spray.
Lightly coat bagels with cooking spray; cover with plastic wrap.
Let rise 10 minutes (bagels will rise only slightly).
3.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
4.
To boil the bagels, combine water and sugar in a large pot or Dutch oven, and bring to a boil.
Gently lower 3 bagels into the water.
Cook for 30 seconds.
Transfer bagels to a wire rack lightly coated with cooking spray.
Repeat the procedure with the remaining bagels, working in batches of 3.
Divide the bagels between 2 baking sheets lined with parchment paper.
Bake at 450 degrees F for 7 minutes.
Rotate pans, and bake for 7 minutes or until golden brown (my bagels took a few more minutes, but it depends on your oven).
Cool on wire racks.
Enjoy!
Adapted from Cooking Light.



In a slow cooker, mix cream of mushroom soup, dry onion soup mix and water.
Place pot roast in slow cooker and coat with soup mixture.
Cook on High setting for 3 to 4 hours, or on Low setting for 8 to 9 hours.



In a large bowl, stir together the confectioners' sugar, coffee creamer, cocoa, orange zest, cinnamon and anise seed.
Store in an airtight container, or separate into smaller jars for gift giving.
To prepare, mix 1/4 cup of the cocoa mix with 1 1/2 cups of hot milk or boiling water.



In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, heavy cream, corn syrup, chocolate, and butter over medium-high heat and bring the mixture to a boil.
Keep the pan over heat, whisking constantly for about 5 minutes, or until the sauce begins to bubble and looks as though it is separating.
Remove the sauce from the heat and add the vanilla.
Transfer fudge sauce to a dish or container and allow to cool a bit before placing it in the refrigerator.
Chill the sauce until it thickens, for at least 5 hours.
Hot Fudge Sauce can be kept refrigerated in an airtight container for approximately 2 weeks.



Heat 1/4 cup sugar in a stainless saucepan on medium heat, do not stir until sugar begins to melt.
Once sugar begins to melt, stir it until it has completely melted and begins to turn golden brown.
When sugar has started to turn caramel colored, remove pan from heat and immediately add butter and brown sugar and quickly stir together.
Once the butter and brown sugar are completely melded with the caramel (add gentle heat if needed to incorporate brown sugar), add the vanilla, corn syrup, cream and salt.
Stir together well.
The caramel will thicken as it cools.
If a thinner caramel is required, add water one tablespoon at a time until the desired thickness is reached; if a thicker caramel is needed, reduce the amount of corn syrup used.



Whisk milk, egg whites, honey, vanilla and salt in a medium bowl.
Trim crusts off 4 slices of bread and set aside.
Cut the crusts and the remaining bread into 1-inch pieces.
Toss with dried apples, raisins, cinnamon and nutmeg in another large bowl.
Coat a 9-by-9-inch or 7-by-10 inch baking pan with cooking spray.
Transfer the bread mixture into the pan.
Lay the reserved crustless slices evenly on top, trimming to fit.
Whisk the milk mixture again, then pour evenly over the bread.
Press the bread down with the back of a wooden spoon, and make sure its evenly moist.
Cover with parchment paper, then foil papper, and refrigerate for at least 10 hours or up to 1 day.
Preheat oven to 350F.
Bake the casserole, covered, for 40 minutes.
Uncover and keep baking until puffed, set and lightly browned, about 22 minutes more.
Let stand for 10 minutes on a wire rack, dust with confectioners sugar.
Serve warm.



Heat almond bark.
Mix all ingredients together and drop by spoon on wax paper.
Put in refrigerator till hard.



Preheat oven to 275 F.
Combine oats, coconut, sugar, nutmeg, nuts, and salt in a bowl.
Pour in syrup and vegetable oil and stir to combine.
Spread evenly over a baking sheet and bake for 35-45 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes until crisp and lightly browned.
Remove the baking sheet from the and allow granola to cool.
Then stir in dried pineapple.
Store in an airtight container until ready to use.
For the parfait combine lemon yogurt with lemon juice.
Layer parfaits in this order: granola, lemon yogurt, berries, drizzle of honey, granola, vanilla yogurt, granola and more berries.



Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a food processor process all dry ingredients.
Add 4 tbs butter cubed and process for 10ea 1 second pulses.
Place mix in a mixing bowl and stir in Buttermilk.
Spray a 9" metal cake pan with non-stick spray.
Spray 1/3 measuring cup with non-stick spray and use it to scoop out biscuit dough from mixing bowl.
Place the dough in a shallow pan with the 1 cup flour and roll into balls and place into cake pan.
do this until you get 8-9 dough balls.
Brush with 2 TBS melted butter and bake until golden brown.



Grind the peanuts to dust.
Add the spices and salt.
Mix until well blended.
Use immediately or store tightly closed in a cool place for up to 6 weeks.



take a large bowl add your sugar and molasses and blend well with your hands
keep using your hands to blend in the molasses in the sugar, place and zip lock or a jar refrigerat last for 2 months
this is great to use on cookies cakes cupcakes all of your baking needs.
especially great on baked ham



1.
Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375F.
Lightly grease an 8-inch square pan.
2.
Sift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt directly into the baking pan, then add the sugar.
With your finger, poke 2 small holes and 1 large one in the dry ingredients.
Into one of the small holes pour the vanilla, into the other one the vinegar, and into the larger one the oil.
3.
Pour the water over all the ingredients and stir the ingredients together with a table fork, reaching into the corners, until you cant see any more flour and the batter looks fairly well homogenized.
4.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the top is springy and a tester inserted in the center comes out dry.
Cool the cake in the pan on a wire rack, then cut and serve it from the pan.
StorageKeep at room temperature, wrapped airtight, for up to 3 days; refrigerate after that.
Level of difficulty* [easy enough for a novice to make]



Place all ingredients into a bowl and stir to mix.
Notes: 1.
Feel free to add raisins, dried cranberries, apricots or any other dried fruits.
2.
For the freeze dried fruits: Crispy fruit is available at Whole Foods.
A larger 3 1/2 ounce bag contains six 15 gram bags inside.
Your local grocer may carry other freeze-dried fruits, too.



1.
Preheat oven to 400F.
Line a cookie sheet (with sides) with Reynolds nonstick foil.
2.
Rinse chicken and drain well.
Pat dry with paper towels.
Season each piece generously with salt, pepper, and thyme.
Drizzle chicken pieces with one tablespoon of olive oil, toss to coat.
Dredge each piece of chicken in flour and shake to remove excess flour.
Place on foil-lined sheet.
Using a basting brush, baste each piece of chicken with drippings in the pan after about 30 minutes of baking.
Bake for 45 to 55 minutes.
Enjoy!



In electric mixer cream margarine until light and fluffy.
Gradually beat in oil and water alternately.
Store in coolest part of refrigerator or better still, in freezer.



1.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. 2.
Place cherry tomatoes in a baking dish or cookie sheet with sides.
3.
Drizzle olive oil over tomatoes, toss to coat.
4.
Sprinkle salt and pepper over tomatoes, toss.
5.
Bake for 10-15 minutes or just until tomato skin begins to crack.
6.
Remove from oven and place tomatoes in a serving dish.
Mix with feta and cilantro.



Start with organic natural product
In a large mixer bowl.
Add 3 1/2 cups of flour, yeast and salt.
Mix well
Small pan on low.
Add 3 cups water, 1/2 cups molasses and 1/4 cup oil.
Using a thermometer keep checking temp until between 120F and 130F.
Then add warmed liquid to the dry mixture slowly, stir setting on the mixer.
Slowly add 5 cups of flour.
Switch to the dough hook when necessary.
Knead the dough on the low setting for 5 to 8 minutes.
Proof to double the size with rise in a large greased bowl.
Punch down dough.
Divide into 2 rounds.
Place each load in 9 inch round cake pan.
Slice cuts on top or not.
Proof again to double the size.
Bake at 375F for 40 to 45 minutes.
Rack and cool



Puree blackberries, sugar, vanilla, and lime juice in a blender.
If you dont like blackberry seeds getting stuck in your teeth, you can strain the puree through a chinois or something.
I dont have one of those yet, but Im itching to get one.
Blend yogurt into blackberry puree.
Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions.



Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl.
Slowly pour milk into flour mixture, stirring constantly until dough is stiff and holds together.



Place all ingredients in a sauce pan over low heat and stir occasionally until jelly is melted.
Keep over low heat stirring as needed to keep from sticking.
Pour over meat prior to serving and use extra for dipping.
Adjust amounts to increase quantity.
Keep proportions the same.



Combine ingredients with whisk.
Chill.



Using an electric mixer, cream the shortening in a large bowl.
Add the sugar gradually, blending well, and beat until fluffy.
Beat in the salt, and then add the water by the tablespoon, beating continuously and adding just enough to achieve a smooth, spreadable consistency.
Add the vanilla and beat on high until very fluffy.
This frosting can be transferred to a pastry bag fitted with decorator tips for decorating cakes.
Add food colorings of your choice for decorating cakes and cookies.
If you cant find clear vanilla extract, you can use regular vanilla extract, but your icing wont be white.
The regular extract will add a cream color to the icing.



Parboil the hot sausage for about 10 minutes.
Add the grapes and the balsamic vineger to an oval baking dish.
Place the sausages on top of the grapes.
Bake the dish at the highest oven setting for 8 minutes and turn, then bake for another 8 minutes.
After the sausages are browned, remove them, mash some of the grapes and heat them with the pan juices until boiling.
Add the butter and whisk into a sauce.
Serve the sausages with the sauce and mashed potatoes.



Note: This can be made up to one day in advance and refrigerated.
If you do this, do not add the mini marshmallows until you are ready to bake the dish.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Place sweet potatoes in a large saucepan, and cover with cold water by 1 inch.
Bring to a rolling boil, then turn the heat down to low.
Simmer until potatoes are cooked through (they should be fork tender this will probably take 10-15 minutes).
Drain off the water and return potatoes to the pan.
Add milk, butter, cinnamon, salt and pepper.
Mash until creamy.
Transfer sweet-potato mixture into a 2-quart baking dish.
(At this point, if you want to make it ahead you can refrigerate it for up to 1 day.
If youre refrigerating it overnight, take it out of the fridge at least 30 minutes prior to baking.)
Top casserole with marshmallows.
Bake at 375F until the center is warmed through and marshmallows are lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes.



Mix together in a small pot the cornstarch, water and sugar.
Add the oyster sauce and heat till it thickens.
I like this added to snow peas, mushrooms etc.
Also nice in a stir fry of your choice.



Mix sugar, honey and peanut butter in large microwavable bowl.
Microwave on HIGH 1-1/2 to 2 minutes or until bubbly at edge; stir until well blended.
Stir in cereal and raisins.
Press firmly into 8-inch square pan sprayed with cooking spray.
Cool.
Cut into bars.
Store in airtight container.



Place all ingredients in the bread machine in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select the 'dough' setting and press 'start.
'.
When cycle is finished, punch down the dough and roll it out on a floured surface to desired shape and thickness.
Grease a pizza pan and sprinkle with corn meal.
Transfer dough to pan and let rise until doubled in size.
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Bake dough until just set--about 5 minutes.
Remove from oven and add desired toppings.
Continue baking to desired doneness.



in saucepan cook flour and butter
stir until smooth
add slowly vinegar and sugar
stir until smooth
and thick
cook a few minutes then pour over beets
cover let stand few minutes before serving.



In a medium saucepan, combine sugar, water, syrup, vinegar, and salt.
Cook over high heat until mixture reaches 255 degrees F (hard-ball stage) on a candy thermometer.
Stir in vanilla.
Pour over popped corn, tossing gently to coat.
When mixture is cool enough to handle, press popcorn into 3-inch balls with lightly greased hands.
Cool completely on waxed paper.



Press raspberries through a sieve over a bowl, discard seeds.
Combine raspberry pulp and sugar, stir well.
Divide the raspberry mixture evenly among 4 parfait glasses.
Spoon 1 tbsp ice cream into each glass, stir well.
Stir 2 tbsp club soda into each glass.
Spoon 1/4 c ice cream, 1/4 c raspberry sherbert, and 1/4 c orange sherbert into each glass.
Pour 1/4 c club soda over the sherbert.
Serve immediately.



Line two baking sheets with nonstick foil.
Place chips in a large microwave safe bowl.
Stir in corn syrup and cream.
Microwave on high for 1 minute.
Remove and stir until chocolate is completely melted and smooth.
Stir in raisins, marshmallows and nuts.
Using a cookie scoop (or a regular spoon if you don't have one) drop mixture onto prepared sheets.
Refrigerate 2 hours to set.
Store in airtight container at room temp for up to two weeks.



In 3 quart saucepan melt chocolate chips over low heat, stirring constantly.
Stir in sugar, water and salt.
Cook over med.
heat, stirring constantly with wire whisk, until mixture comes to a full boil (4 to 5 min)
Boil, stirring constantly, 2 minute
Stir in milk and whipping cream.
Continue cooking over med.
heat, stirring occasionally, until heated through (12 to 15 min).
DO NOT BOIL.
Add vanilla.
B.
eat with wire whisk or rotary beater until frothy.
Pour into mugs.



Let butter soften in a bowl.
When very soft mix butter and cottage cheese together.
Add salt and sugar.
Add flour last and mix by hand.
To get dough to the consistency of pie dough.
Put the dough in wax paper in the refrigerator overnight.
If you want to bake it today leave the dough in the refrigerator at least for 3 hours.
Then take it out and divide it into 3 parts.
Take 1 part of the dough and put it on a floured table.
Flatten the dough to a 1/8 of inch thick.
Then take a small juice glass and cut round circle in the dough.
(Put some flour on the rim of the glass if the dough start to stick).
Take your thumb and make a dent in the middle of the dough.
Fill it with apricot or any jam.
Bake at 350 for about 15-20 minutes or until lightly brown.



1.
Place all of the nuts and coconut in a food processor, put the lid on and process until they are coarsely chopped.
2.
Add dates into the nut and coconut mix and chop again.
A sticky dough should start to form.
3.
Add lime juice into the mixture and blend one last time.
4.
Scoop out a small bit of dough and shape it into a small ball.
Place on a sheet of parchment.
5.
Repeat until you have formed all of the dough into balls.
6.
Makes 12 larger balls or 20 smaller bites.
7.
Enjoy immediately or store them in the refrigerator.
Recipe adapted from Running on Real Food.



Butter a 7- by 11-inch baking dish, set aside.
Measure cereal into a large bowl and set aside.
Add coconut flakes and almonds to a large nonstick skillet.
Dry roast over medium-high heat, sriring frequently, until ingredients start to turn golden.
pour into bowl with cereal.
In the same skillet melt the butter over a low heat, add the grated almond paste and marshmellows.
Stirring constantly cook until all the ingredients are melted and smooth.
Immediately pour almond-marshmallow mixture into bowl of cereal.
Combine with buttered spoon until all ingrediends are incorporated.
Press crispy treats into the buttered dish.
Cool until firm enough to cut into 1 1/2 inch squares.



Heat the milk and cream in a large saucepan over medium heat, then add the sugar and honey and stir to dissolve.
Add the vanilla extract.
Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a glass or metal container.
Cool the gelato base over an ice water bath or in the refrigerator, stirring from time to time.
When completely chilled, pour into an ice cream maker.
Process according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Transfer to a container and freeze for about 2 hours before serving.



Pour the honey into a 2 1/2 cup saucepan or a small nonstick skillet.
Cook on medium heat until it begins to foam up, then reduce heat slightly and cook 4 to 5 minutes, swirling the pan occasionally, or until the honey begins to caramelize and turn a light brown.
Remove pan from heat and pour in the orange juice.
Set back on burner and stir to dissolve the honey.
Stir in orange zest.
Pour into a bowl and cool.
Whisk in vinegar, salt, pepper and oils until thickened and blended.
Refrigerate until ready to use.



In a blender, combine ice cream, milk, vanilla and sugar.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve.



Have a hot pad or kitchen towel and a paper grocery bag or large baking sheet handy.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large heavy-bottomed Dutch oven or pan over medium heat.
Place a couple of kernels of popcorn in the pan.
When the kernels pop, proceed to the next step.
Once the oil is hot enough, add the butter and stir quickly into the oil to prevent burning.
Immediately add the popcorn and stir (the butter may not be completely melted).
Add the sugar right away and stir again.
Cover the pan, and start shaking it gently back and forth on the burner, using a hot pad or kitchen towel to protect your hands.
Keep shaking as the popcorn pops.
Once you start hearing 1 or 2 seconds of quiet between the pops, turn the heat off immediately.
This means the popcorn is mostly popped.
(Be careful not to overcook, as the popcorn can easily burn.)
Pour the popcorn into the paper bag or onto the baking sheet and sprinkle with salt, cinnamon, and cayenne.
Allow to cool a few minutes before placing in a bowl.
(Careful, the hot sugar makes the popcorn extremely hot!)



Phillip Graebing wrote which he had lost his blueberry recipes.
I have a blueberry recipes.
Being it's which time of the year, hopefully some of the
Drain pineapple, then combine with rest of ingredients in a bowl.
Refrigerateat least one hour.
Makes 6 servings.
Variation: Omit lowfat sour cream and marshmallows and add in 1 c. white wine.
Add in coconut just before serving.
"Wild bears are said to eat only blueberries in season.
They will travel 10-15 miles a day to find a berry patch."



Add all of the ingredients to the bread maker and leave to knead (stop after 10 minutes).
When kneaded, leave to rest for a further 10 minutes inside the bread maker pan.
Cover the pot in cling film to prevent the dough drying out.
Leave to prove until it has doubled or tripled in size.
If it's summer leave for 4-5 hours and if it's winter remember to leave it in a warm place.
Actually you can leave the dough in the bread maker pan (like Step 2) or leave it to rise in an airtight container.
Punch out the excess gas and roll flat.
Gently roll the dough up away from you.
If you have a big oven please do this on an oven plate.
When rolled, pinch the seam closed and place the bread seam-down.
If it's summertime, please leave to prove in the oven inside a 45l plastic bag full of air.
(Prove for 1 hour if it's summertime).
When the dough has doubled or tripled in size, score it a few times and bake for 15-20 minutes in an oven preheated to 200C.
Please don't spray the bread with water.
The soft french bread is ready.
Cut the bread and eat as-is or use for sandwiches.
This is what your bread should look like at the second proofing.
We put it in a plastic bag filled with air to stop any sticking.
The end of the bag should be firmly secured with rubber bands.



Butter a large baking sheet and a metal spatula.
In a heavy 5-6 quart saucepan combine water, sugar, and corn syrup and bring to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved.
Boil syrup, without stirring, until it registers 310F.
on a candy thermometer.
Remove pan from heat (syrup will be very hot).
Carefully add baking soda and salt and, working quickly, stir until syrup foams and thickens.
Stir in almonds and pour mixture onto prepare baking sheet, spreading with prepared spatula.
Cool brittle 5 minutes and sprinkle chocolate evenly over it.
Let chocolate melt, about 5 minutes, and spread it with a clean spatula.
Chill brittle on baking sheet until chocolate hardens.
Loosen brittle with a clean spatula from baking sheet and, holding brittle underneath with palms of hands to avoid smearing chocolate, drop from height of a few inches onto work surface to break into pieces.
Transfer brittle, separating it with layers of wax paper, to airtight container.
Brittle keeps, covered and chilled, 2 weeks.



Place ingredients in a small bowl, stir till smooth.
Serve at room temperature.
For a thinner dip gradually stir in water or possibly rice wine vinegar.
Larry says it is great with egg rolls, tortilla chips, raw veggies or possibly French fries.



Put the sugar and milk into a saucepan.
Cook, stirring constantly, to softball stage or 238 degrees (125 C.).
Remove from heat.
Add butter and vanilla and cool without stirring.
When it is lukewarm, beat until creamy.
Stir in nuts.
Pour into buttered pan.
When cooled completely cut into squares.



Bring water to a boil in a large pot.
Stir oats into boiling water and cook at a boil until the mixture begins to thicken, about 5 minutes.
Season oats mixture with salt; stir.
Reduce heat to low and simmer oats until beginning to soften, about 20 minutes.
Stir milk, brown sugar, melted butter, and cinnamon together in a bowl with a whisk until smooth; stir into the oats mixture.
Continue cooking the oats until tender, 10 to 15 minutes more.
Stir cranberries into the oatmeal to distribute throughout the mixture; cook just until the berries are warmed, 2 to 3 minutes.



Mix ingredients for crust and pat into a greased 9 x 9 pan.
Combine ingredients in Apple Layer and place on top of crust in pan.
Cover the apples with the topping.
Bake 40 to 45 minutes in 350 degree oven.



Mix everything together and garnish with chopped peanuts.
Note: this recipe can be doubled or tripled.



Pop popcorn.
Microwave the mixed butter, brown sugar and syrup for 30 secs.
Mix ingredients and repeat.
Mix in milk and heat for 1 minute.
Stir the mixture one last time.
And pour over the popcorn!



In a medium bowl combine first three ingredients with a whisk blending until smooth.
Stir in shredded cheese.
Chill for at least one-hour or as long as one day prior to serving.
Variation: Salsa-Cheese Spread.
For a thicker salsa spread substitute 1-package (8 ounce) Neufchatel 1/3 fat cheese for the yogurt and mix as above.
(About 76 calories per 2-tablespoon serving, 6 fat grams, no calcium).



In a heavy-bottomed pot, slowly bring the milk and the lemon juice to 200 degrees F. Remove from heat and cover.
Place in a spot where the temperature will remain uniform, we suggest an unheated oven.
After 6 hours, strain the curds and whey through cheesecloth.
Tie the corners of the cloth to form a bag and hang it to drain overnight.



Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
Combine the sugar, flour and cinnamon in a mixing bowl.
Stir in the peach slices and fold to coat with the sugar/flour mixture.
Pour into a 9-inch unbaked pie shell.
Dot with butter.
Cover with top crust, seal edges and crimp.
Make vents in top crust.
bake for 40 to 50 minutes until crust is golden brown.
Seriously good stuff!



In a saucepan, combine rice, mixed vegetables, salt and water.
Bring to a boil on high heat, then reduce heat, cover and let simmer for 10 minutes.
While rice is cooking, heat 2 T butter and 1/2 C sliced almonds in a saute pan.
Turn frequently until almonds start to brown.
Add almonds to rice mixture.
Serve.



Combine the dry ingredients.
Add everything else and stir just till it's all combined.
Pour the batter into a greased pan and bake at 400 degrees for 25 minutes.
Test by sticking a fork or toothpick into the center--it should come out mostly clean.



Fold together all ingredients in a bowl.
Chill til ready to serve.
I often make a faux Gyro with Pitas, tomatoes and sweet red onion.
I buy thin sliced pastrami or spicy or peppered roast beef from the deli and microwave it for 20 or 30 seconds.
Put it all together and-- yum.



1.
Place onions and butter in a deep, 1 1/2-qt, heat- resistant, non-metallic casserole.
2.
Heat, uncovered, in Microwave Oven 2 min or possibly till onion is tender.
3.
Add in lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, catsup, applesauce and salt.
4.
Heat, uncovered, in Microwave Oven 7 min or possibly till sauce is bubbly.
Makes 3 c.



No ice
(pour drink over ice cream)
serve with spoon



Place the ice cream in a blender.
Add peanut butter and preserves, followed by milk, and finally the flavored syrup, if using.
Blend on low speed until ingredients are mixed, then on a higher speed until mixture reaches a smooth, thick consistency.
If the shake is hard to blend, try adding more milk to the blender, or turn off the machine completely and use a long handled spoon to shift the ingredients.



Mix the salt into the warm water (120F-130F) and pour into the bread machine pan.
Next, add the olive oil, flour, sugar and the yeast last (may be place into a little indentation in the center of the flour).
If necessary, add 1/2 teaspoon ascorbic acid (Vitamin C) to help the yeast feed.
Set the bread machine to a 2 lb size and white light, white medium, white dark, whole wheat or french settings.
Push start and come back in 3 1/3 to 4 hours.
:-).



Wash tomatoes.
Immerse tomatoes in boiling
water for 30 seconds.
Remove and plunge into
cold water.
Slip off skins.
Process peeled tomatoes in a food processor for 1 minute.
Combine pureed tomatoes, green chile, pineapple, and pectin in an
8-quart non-stick pan.
Bring mixture to a full boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly.
Add sugar all at once.
Return mixture to a boil, stirring
constantly.
Boil hard for 1 minute.
Remove from heat.
Skim off foam if necessary.
Ladle hot pre-
serves into hot jars, leaving a 1/4-inch headspace.
Attach two-piece lids.
Process in a boiling water bath for 10 minutes, adjusting processing time for elevation as necessary.



In a non-stick 8-quart dutch oven pot, add onion, celery, carrot and garlic and saute five minutes or until the vegetables are soft and translucent.
Stir in cumin and spice ingredients (through red pepper); cook 1 minute, stirring constantly.
Add the tomato paste and mix it inches
Quickly add the 3 cups water, the fresh diced tomatoes, and finally your soaked and drained bag of great northern beans.
Bring to a boil.
Cover, reduce the heat, and simmer for 2 1/2 hours or until the beans are fork tender (or to your likeness)and the water has reduced to a nice stew-like texture.
Taste.
Stir in the bouillon granules, salt-to-taste, and lemon juice.
Taste.
Take off the heat and stir in the cilantro.
Serve over chunked up hearty mixed-grain bread or as-is.



Butter is preferred in this dish for flavor, but you may prefer margarine.
In a saucepan, combine margarine, bacon drippings, lemon juice and Worcestershire Sauce.
Cook over low heat until butter margarine melts.
Dissolve Chili Powder, Salt, Pepper and Garlic Powder in water and add to margarine mixture.
Bring to a boil.
Lower heat and simmer for 15 minutes.
Makes 3 1/2 cups.
Will serve to baste 5 lbs.
brisket.



Cook carrots until tender- or to desired doneness.
(I usually steam them to retain the most flavor).
Melt butter and add brown sugar and ginger, stirring to blend.
Add sauce to carrots and stir to coat.



Mix all ingredients together until smooth.
Refrigerate for up to a week.



Remove stems & pits from cherries, then cut into halves (about 2 1/4 cups).
In a small saucepan combine cherries, apple juice, cinnamon & nutmeg, cooking & stirring over medium heat for 5 minutes or until cherries begin to soften.
In a small container combine cornstarch & water, stirring until smooth, then stir this mixture into the hot cherry mixture.
Turn heat up to high & continue cooking & stirring until mixture boils & thickens slightly.
Remove from heat, let cool for 10 minutes, then cover & refrigerate until chilled.
After cherry mixture has chilled, in a small cup combine.cereal & almonds.
In 4 10-ounce wine or parfait glasses, equally divide & layer half the cherry mixture, then half the yogurt & half the cereal mixture.
Repeat the layers & serve!



Preheat oven 350 degrees.
If you are using chicken breasts, pound them to a uniform thickness, about 1 thick, then cut them into tender-sized pieces.
In a bowl, combine yogurt and spices.
Mix until combined.
Add the chicken pieces.
Pour everything into a baking dish and spread into an even layer.
Bake for 25 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in the middle.



In large bowl combine all ingredients except oil and honey.
In small saucepan heat oil and honey, until warm do not boil.
Pour over oat mixture and stir until evenly mixed.
Spread evenly in 2 large cookie sheets.
Bake at 275 for 30 minutes, or until lightly browned, stirring every 10 minutes.
Cool throughly and store in air tight container.
Makes 10 cups.



Cook onion in butter in a large pan over medium-low heat until soft and transparent, but not browned.
Wash and chop zucchini.
Add to the onion along with chicken broth.
Bring to a boil.
Simmer for 15 minutes or until zucchini is tender.
Add seasonings.
Puree mixture in blender until smooth.
(I like to use a hand blender.
Less mess!)
Add cream; adjust seasonings to taste.
Reheat but do not boil.
Serve hot, garnished with grated cheddar cheese.



Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher.
Chill.
To serve, stir up the lemonade in order to disperse the cayenne pepper.
Note: This is not a hard and fast recipe.
Add more or less of anything according to your tastes.



Place almonds and pecans on a baking tray and bake at 180 degrees C for 5 minutes or until golden.
Set aside to cool.
Place sugar, brown sugar, golden syrup and water in a heavy-based sauce pan and cook over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves.
Add butter, bring to the boil and boil, without stirring, until mixture reaches hard crack stage (when the syrup is dropped into iced water it separates into threads which become hard and brittle) or 150 C on a sugar thermometer.
Stir in bicarbonate of soda and toasted nuts.
Pour into a lightly oiled 23 cm cake tin.
When almost set, cut into squares.



Heat barbecue to medium heat.
Place potatoes on centre of large sheet of heavy-duty foil; drizzle with water and oil.
Fold foil to make packet.
Grill 18 to 20 min.
or until potatoes are tender.
Cut slits in foil to release steam before opening packet.
Top potatoes with remaining ingredients.



Mix together peanut butter (creamy or crunchy both work), honey and powdered milk.
Roll into small balls and then roll them in the powdered sugar.
Place on a platter and serve.
(I like to chill mine in the fridge for at least one hour to firm them up a bit).



Melt the chocolate in the microwave about 2 minutes at 50% power.
Stir in vanilla extract, Splenda, heavy whipping cream, cayenne, chili, and cinnamon.
Add hot water and serve.
Makes 1 delicious serving.



Sift flour and sugar into bowl and rub in butter.
Add sugar and currants, tossing together lightly.
Blend yeast with milk.
Add all at once to dry ingredients, mixing together until dough is firm.
Knead for 10 minutes or until dough is smooth and elastic.
Cover and leave to rise for 10 minutes.
Knead well again, dividing into 6 pieces, then roll into 6" rounds.
Cover and leave to rise until almost double in size.
Bake just above centre of preheated 400F oven for 20 minutes.
To serve, split open and spread thickly with butter (Can be split open and toasted before buttering).



Preheat oven to 350F.
Mix all ingredients together thoroughly.
Drop small amounts of the mixture onto an ungreased baking sheet, and press flat with a fork.
Bake for approximately 15 minutes, then cool on a rack before serving.
Store in an airtight container.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
In small saucepan over low heat, melt butter; stir in pepper sauces, Worcestershire, garlic powder, salt and mustard.
In a large roasting pan, toss mixture with almonds to mix well.
Bake 45 to 50 minutes, stirring occasionally, until liquid is absorbed.
Cool.
Store in airtight container.



Preheat oven to 300F.
Blend the oats, flour, coconut, and salt together in a large bowl.
In a separate bowl, whisk together until completely incorporated the maple syrup, oil, vanilla, and coconut extract.
Add to the oat mixture, stirring well to coat.
Place mixture on a large oiled or lightly sprayed baking tray.
Bake for 30 minutes.
Add the macadamia nuts, turning and stirring the granola to mix them inches Continue to bake an additional 30 minutes.
Remove from oven and allow the granola to cool completely.
Store in an airtight container in a cool dark place or in the refrigerator.



Combine all ingredients EXCEPT oats in a mixing bowl until smooth, fold in oats.
Spoon over fresh fruit or pie filling in an 8x8 cake pan, or a round pie dish.
Bake at 350 for 35-40 minutes, or until topping is golden.



Blend mayonnaise and chile ginger sauce with a wisk until smooth.
Best if made one hour before using, so flavors can marry.
Use this mixture as a dip for veggies.
Also makes a wonderful salad dressing.



Add the ingredients while measuring atop a scale.
Place the dry yeast in it's appropriate place and start the dough-making course.
If you want to leave it all to your bread maker use the quick-bake course and a lightly-toasted color.
Separate into two, make into round shapes, cover with wrap and let sit for 15 minutes.
Spread it out and remove the gas.
Make a three-way fold.
Then stretch it out a bit.
Roll it up into a ball.
Be sure to close it tightly.
Do the same with the other one.
If your pan isn't non-stick type then coat with a little bit of oil.
Add the dough, spray with water, and use the bread-rising function on your oven to second rise at 35C for 35 minutes.
It's okay once it's expanded to 80% of the pan.
Close with a lid and bake in the preheated oven at 200C for 25 minutes.
Open the lid and drop down to remove the bread, and place on a rack to cool.



Cream the 4 ozs butter with the sugar.
Combine flour, 1 tsp.
ginger, and baking powder; add to the butter mixture.
Put into a greased shortbread pan (or a 7-8" round or square baking pan) and bake at 325 F (170 C) for about 40 minutes or until done.
While the shortbread is baking, prepare the icing: melt together the butter, ginger, and golden syrup in a saucepan over low heat until blended and smooth.
Pour the icing over the hot shortbread and let it cool a little.
When the icing has cooled a bit, decorate the top with pieces of candied ginger.
Cut shortbread into shapes (wedges or rectangles).
Cool completely before removing from pan.
*Note:You may leave out the candied ginger- some may find it too spicy, especially children.



In a blender, combine spinach and pineapple tidbits.
Mix until a smooth puree is formed.
In a spouted mixing bowl or large liquid measuring cup, whisk together orange juice, apple juice, carrot juice and spinach mixture.
Pour into popsicle molds and freeze overnight.
Nutrition info per 1 popsicle: 60 calories, 0 g fat, 1 g protein, 13 g carbohydrates, 1 g fiber



Put all but chicken in to a large one gallon zip-lock bag.
Put chicken in one piece at a time and coat well.
Put chicken on greased cookie sheet and bake for 45 minutes at 350*.



Mix the above all together in a saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes.
Let cool and put in a jar or bottle and refrigerate.



Freeze the ginger, skin and all.
Grate the ginger without peeling the skin.
Freezing the ginger makes it easier to grate since the fibers are brittle and don't get hairy.
Put the grated ginger and honey into a sauce pan and simmer.
When it starts to simmer, add lemon juice, and briskly stir.
Store in a clean jar.
Mix with hot water to make a hot ginger drink, or put it in your black tea to make ginger tea.
Either way, it'll warm you up.
Spread on bread.
I also recommend putting it in yogurt.
Here is an apple and ginger jam.
All you have to do is grate 1/4 of an apple into the ginger jam when simmering.
It will give a fruity touch.
When I used brown sugar in place of honey, it gave the jam a deep flavor.
The color is not so appetizing, though.



Start the starter and the overnight dough the evening before you make the bread.
To make the starter:
In a bowl, mix the flour, yeast and water until a dough ball forms.
Knead for 5 minutes.
The starter will rise slightly next day.
Place the dough in a bowl coated with cooking spray, cover with a plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerate.
To make the overnight dough:
In a bowl, mix together flours, flax seed, salt and water until a soft dough forms.
Wrap with a plastic wrap and let stay at room temperature overnight.
To make the bread:
Next day, take the starter out of the frige an hour before you start to make the bread.
Cut the starter and overnight dough into several small pieces and put them together in a mixing bowl with an electric dough hook.
Sprinkle 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole wheat flour over.
Place the sesame, sunflower, pumpkin seeds, salt and yeast that's mixed with 1 tablespoon water.
Knead all the ingredients together for about 8 minutes.
Add a little more flour if the dough seems stick to the bowl.
Transfer the dough into a large bowl coated with cooking spray.
Allow the dough to rise at a warm place until doubled in volume, 1 to 2 hours, depending on how warm your place it.
Either shape the dough into a round loaf, place it onto a cooking sheet; or place the dough into a greased loaf pan.
Do not knead the dough again.
Let it rise for another 1 to 2 hours until almost double.
Preheat the oven to 500F.
If you are making a round loaf, slash the top about 1/4 inch deep to draw a cross.
Pour 2 cups of boiling water into a separate loaf pan, and place into the oven, which makes steam during the baking.
Put the bread into the oven.
Turn oven down to 450F after 10 minutes and bake for 38 minutes.
Let cool in the cookie sheet or pan on a wire rack for about 10 minutes.
Remove onto the wire rack and cool completely.
Slice and serve.



In a large, microwave-safe bowl, mix sugar, butter, syrup and salt together.
Microwave on high until mixture is boiling, then continue to boil for 2 more minutes on high.
Mix baking soda into mixture.
In a large (clean) brown paper bag, pour mixture over popcorn and shake vigorously.
Microwave in bag for another 30 seconds.
Take out of microwave, and shake again.
Repeat process at least two more times to ensure even coverage of caramel on popcorn.
Immediately pour out on a baking pan to cool.
Variations:.
For a lighter, more buttery taste, substitute white sugar for the brown.
For extra crunchiness, mix 2 cups peanuts, almonds, or other nut of your choice with the popcorn prior to mixing the caramel.
For chocolate lovers, microwave for 90 seconds, stirring once, 1 cup chocolate chips and 1 tsp shortening and drizzle over caramel corn.
For extra spiciness, add 3/4 tsp ground cinnamon, 1 1/2 tsp freshly grated nutmeg, 1/8 tsp ground cloves, and 1/4 tsp ground cardamom to the caramel mixture.
For easy transport (especially for Halloween treats): after removing from microwave for the last time, grease hands and form large handfuls of the carmael corn mixture into balls, then set aside to let cool.



Whisk salt, sugar, paprika, turmeric, onion powder, garlic powder, and cornstarch together in a bowl.



Place half of the whole, unblanched almonds in a clean electric coffee bean grinder.
Place the lid on the coffee bean grinder and pulse several times until a medium-fine textured meal forms.
Don't over-grind or you will make almond butter!
Put ground almond meal in a clean flour sifter.
Sift almond meal.
Place any large particles of almonds back in coffee bean grinder and pulse again.
Sift remaining almond meal.
Repeat with the other half.
Tips: It is important to refrigerate (or wrap, label-including the date and freeze) any unused almond meal because it can become rancid after being ground and exposed to oxygen and light.
Store-bought almond meal is frequently made with blanched almonds- almonds that have had the skins removed.
To maintain the valuable nutrition, use almonds with their skins on because the skin contains healthy antioxidants.
Use any nut to make fresh, delicious nut meals using this simple technique.



Biga or Sponge:.
Make the sponge the day before 12 to 20 hours before.
1 tsp yeast sprinkled over the one cup warm water, let it become foamy and bubbly, that way you know the yeast is good and active.
Add in the one cup flour, and stir well to combine, it will be soupy.
Cover tightly with saran wrap and place on counter top overnight.
I place in my microwave out of the way, and out of drafts.
This biga will bubbly and come up to the top of your bowl but then will fall back down into the bowl after a while, so just make sure your bowl is a larger one to begin with.
When baking time is ready the next day, or 20 hours later, I then proceed.
First step one: sprinkle the 1 teaspoon yeast over 1/4 cup warm water and let stand until bubbly about five or ten minutes.
This shows that yeast is fresh and active.
In your large mixing machine bowl, place yesterdays biga which is bubbly and soupy looking again, and very elastic into the bowl with flat beater.
Add 1/4 cup cold water with the beater going slowly just to mix .
Add after the five or ten minutes of resting the new yeast mixture, and continue with the flat beater slowly combining well.
Add the remainder 3/4 cup cold water and blend.
Add the 1 cup all purpose or bread flour, and combine, still using just a slow speed.
Change now to the dough hook and add the other 2 1/4 cups flour and table salt.
With the dough hook still on low speed .
You will have a sticky dough.
The dough will be soft sticky but holding itself around the dough hook, while at the same time cleaning the sides and bottom of the bowl.
If at that time its still puddles at the bottom of the bowl while kneading on number three or four speed, add in the tablespoons of flour, one at a time kneading all the while.
I have added two to three tablespoons as listed in ingredients for this purpose.
Remember just add until its cleaning the bottom and sides of bowl, this must be a wet and sticky dough, not firm and heavy.
Weather is an important factor with flour.
Sticky to touch the dough, but yet doesn't stick gobs of dough to your fingers.
It will be sticky, elastic and soft.
Knead a good ten minutes with your hook.
Oil bottom and sides of a very large bowl.
With wet fingers drop the dough into the bowl and turn dough over so all is oiled well.
Cover with saran wrap and then a towel, and place out of the way of drafts.
Rise until it is 2 1/2 to 3 times its size.
It will look blistered and soft.
Line a large jelly roll pan with parchment and lightly flour, set aside.
Place some flour onto the bread board or counter top and with wet fingertips, scrape the dough from the sides and bottom of the bowl gently.
Slightly stretch dough brushing the flour off the bottom and out of the way.
You just want the flour there to keep it from sticking, you are not adding more flour into the risen dough.
Place shaped stretched loaf onto the floured parchment, lightly flour top so that saran doesn't stick.
Cover with the saran , again with a towel, and let rise for 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours, until doubled.
It has risen sufficiently when you poke it with two fingers gently and it leaves the impression, it doesn't spring back.
If it springs back then leave a little while longer to rise.
Place in hot preheated oven 425 degrees, and bake 30 minutes, turn upside down and continue another 10 minutes, until golden brown, and hollow sounding when tapped.
Remove to wire rack to cool completely.
Do not cut and eat -- Let cool Completely this will give you a better flavoured bread.



In a small bowl, stir together the flour and baking powder.
Layer ingredients in order given in a 1 quart "wide mouth" canning jar.
It will be a tight fit.
Press each layer firmly in place before adding next ingredient.
Decorate the jar and attatch a tag with the following directions:
Empty jar of cookie mix into large mixing bowl.
Mix thoroughly.
Add: 2 sticks butter, softened and 1 teaspoon vanilla.
Mix until blended completely.
Shape into balls the size of walnuts.
Flatten.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 14 to 18 minutes until edges are very lightly browned.
Cool 5 minutes on the cookie sheets.
Remove cookies to wire racks to cool completely.



Bring potatoes to boil in large pot of water.
Reduce heat to medium; cook until tender, about 17 minutes.
Drain well.
Meanwhile, bring cream, butter, and wasabi paste to simmer in small saucepan over medium heat, stirring until butter melts.
Season with salt and pepper.
Keep hot.
Heat oil in small skillet over medium heat; add green onions and saute until wilted, about 3 minutes.
Set aside.
Using potato masher in same large pot or ricer, mash potatoes.
Stir in hot cream mixture.
Season with salt and pepper.
Stir in green onions.
DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead.
Let stand at room temperature.
Rewarm in microwave, stirring occasionally.
*Available in the Asian foods section of some supermarkets and at Japanese markets nationwide.



Combine all ingredients.
Marinate beef or possibly pork, allowing 1/2 c. of marinade per lb., for up to 24 hrs.
NOTES : Makes 1 1/3 c..



Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.
Combine the oats, flaxseed, walnuts, almonds, and cinnamon in a medium bowl.
Combine orange juice, honey, and brown sugar in a small saucepan.
Cook over medium heat just until sugar dissolves, stirring frequently.
Remove from heat; stir in oil and vanilla.
Pour honey mixture over oat mixture, stirring to coat.
Spread mixture in a thin layer onto a cookie sheet coated with cooking spray.
Bake at 300 degrees F for 10 minutes; stir well.
Bake an additional 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown.
Spoon granola into a bowl; stir in dried cranberries.
Cool completely.
Note: Store completely cooled granola in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 weeks.



Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Coat jellyroll pan with cooking spray.
Cut potatoes in half, lengthwise.
Place each potato half, cut-side down, on cutting board; cut into 1-inch thick wedges.
Combine chili powder, thyme, salt, cumin, and cinnamon.
In a separate bowl, toss together potatoes, oil and spice mixture until well-coated.
Arrange on pan in a single layer.
Roast until potatoes are tender and browned, 20-25 minutes.



Makes 4 large loaves or 20 mini loaves
Add sugar to 1 cup of the warm water (I just use hot steamy water from the tap) and then dissolve yeast in the sugar water.
Let sugar/yeast mixture rest until doubled in size.
Pour oil in bowl, add sugar/yeast mixture, rest of water, and salt.
Add flour 2-3 cups at a time.
Knead (a gentle massage) to make a soft, not sticky dough.
*Tip: Youre done kneading if when you touch it, the bread doesnt stick to your finger.
If it sticks to your finger, add more flour.
Sometimes youll use up to 9 cups of flour so dont be nervous if you use more than 7.
It just depends on the day, how much flour I use.
(If youre making this is a Bosch or KitchenAide mix on level 2 speed with the bread hook for about 6 minutes).
Cut the dough into four equal pieces.
Set on greased counter top, cover with towel, and let stand for 15 minutes.
Pound each piece with a wooden spoon for 1 minute (gets the air bubbles out).
Massage each piece as you form into loaves and place in greased loaf pans.
Allow to raise until doubled in size.
Bake at 350 for 30-45 minutes (19-20 minutes for mini loaves as seen in the picture) or until golden on top.
Rub butter on top while its warm.
To store, wrap in plastic wrap and place in a zip-top freezer bag.
Our favorite uses for this bread are: butter-slathered toast, french toast, grilled cheese, and gifts for the neighbors.



Puree the peaches in a food processor.
Add sugar to taste.
Spread some nonstick tin foil in a cookie sheet with raised edges.
Pour the peach mixture onto the cookie sheet and spread to a thin even layer.
Cook on the lowest setting of your oven (you arent really cooking the mixture, you are just drying it out) for 4 to 8 hours until mixture is solid.
Once the mixture is dried out, you can slice it into strips and wrap in waxed paper or Saran wrap.
(You can also put this mixture on a tray in a dehydrator if you have one.
I do not.
So I make them the slow way.)



Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a sheet pan with nonstick spray and place chicken wings on the pan and bake for 25 minutes.
In a medium saucepan add the sriracha hot chili sauce, butter and Worcestershire sauce and mix until combined and smooth.
Remove the chicken wings from the oven and place in a large mixing bowl and add the liquid ingredients and mix well.
Place the chicken wings back on the sheet pan and bake an additional 15 minutes.
Eat and enjoy!



COMBINE ALL INGREDIENTS AND BLEND TILL MIXED.
STORE IN AIRTIGHT CONTAINER IN A COOL DRY PLACE FOR UP TO 1 YEAR.
THIS RECIPE MAKES 3 CUPS AND IS ENOUGH FOR 9 CANS OF SOUP.
To substitute for one can of condensed cream soup:.
In a 1-quart saucepan or microwave bowl, combine 1/3 cup of soup mix and 1 1/4 cup water.
Bring to a boil or microwave on high for 2 to 2 1/2 minutes stirring constantly.
This can also be used as quick fat free gravy, thinned to the consistency you prefer.



Mix and let set in large bowl, covered, an hour or longer, until batter rises and becomes stretchy.
It can sit as long as 3 to 6 hours.
When ready, stir batter if liquid has settled on bottom.
Then whip in blender, 2 cups of batter at a time, thinning it with 1/2 to 3/4 cup water.
Batter will be quite thin.
Cook in non-stick frypan WITHOUT OIL over medium or medium-high heat.
Use 1/2 cup batter per injera for a 12-inch pan or 13 cup batter for a 10-inch pan.
Pour batter in heated pan and quickly swirl pan to spread batter as thin as possible.
Batter should be no thicker than 18 inch.
Do not turn over.
Injera does not easily stick or burn.
It is cooked through when bubbles appear all over the top.
Lay each injera on a clean towel for a minute or two, then stack in covered dish to keep warm.
Finished injera will be thicker than a crepe, but thinner than a pancake.
To serve, overlap a few injera on a platter and place stews on top (I think most kinds of spicy bean or veggie stews/curries would be great with this.
For Ethiopian food, the spicier the better).
Or lay one injera on each dinner plate, and ladle stew servings on top.
Give each person three or more injera, rolled up or folded in quarters, to use for scooping up the stews.
For a more authentic injera, add 1/2 cup teff flour (teff is a kind of millet) and reduce the whole wheat flour to 1/4 cup.



Mix chicken, celery, pecans, add salt& pepper to taste, fold in mayonaise and cream cheese, chill well, enjoy!
The time I've entered for cooking is actually for chilling.



Shell the peanuts, chop, and combine with the butter.
In a saucepan, stir together sugar and water, bring to a boil, stirring constantly, continuing to cook till a syrup forms.
Add in the peanuts, and stir till the mix begins to bubble, then remove from the heat.
Working quickly, place a Tbsp.
at a time on a cool, buttered (preferably marble) slab or possibly a large dish and press into a circle 1/4 inch thick and 4 inches in diameter.
Leave to dry without disturbing, then lift with a knife.
Pralines should be light, crispy, and flaky.



Place ingredients in order suggested by your manufacturer.
Select the sweet bread and light crust settings.
Add raisins when indicated by your manufacturer.



Combine the water and sugar together in a small pot.
Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar completely dissolves.
Add the basil and stir.
Remove from the heat, cover and cool to room temperature to make a basil-infused simple syrup.
Strain, discarding the solids.
Puree the blueberries, lemon juice and basil syrup in your blender in batches.
Strain into a large bowl, mashing the puree around with a spoon to extract as much as liquid as you can.
Discard the solids.
Whisk with vodka.
Fill the pop molds with the blueberry mixture leaving 1/4 inch at the top.
Freeze until slushy, then insert a stick in each.
Freeze overnight, until solid.



Preheat oven to 450 F. Spread the pitted cherries in an even layer on a rimmed baking sheet.
Whisk together the honey, vinegar and oil until combined and pour over the cherries, tossing to coat.
Roast at 450 F for 20-25 minutes, stirring every 5-10 minutes, until the cherries start to look wrinkled and the juices start to thicken.
Remove from oven and let them sit for about 5 minutes to cool, and then serve however your little heart desires!
I served mine with frozen yogurt, but ice cream or regular yogurt would be fabulous too!



Bring all ingredients to a boil.
Set temperature to low and simmer for an hour.



Place arugula and raspberries in a large bowl.
To make vinaigrette, place vinegar in a Vitamix (or other high powered blender).
Turn machine on to medium speed and drizzle in olive oil.
Blend in raspberry fruit spread.
Toss desired amount of dressing over arugula and raspberries.
Refrigerate remaining dressing in a mason jar.
Serve.



Fork-stir flour and salt thouroughly.
Combine oil and water in a measuring cup.
Pour it into the flour mixture.
Pour the pastry mixture into a pie plate.
Flatten it across the bottom and up the sides using your fingers, the back of a spoon or the outside of an empty measuring cup.
Be careful to distribute the pastry evenly.
Bake ar 400 degrees (200 C.) for 15 minutes.



Bring orange juice, ginger, zest and cinnamon to a boil on high heat in a medium saucepan.
Rinse cranberries and add once liquid is boiling.
Reduce heat to medium and cook uncovered for about 10 minutes.
Add crushed pineapple and honey.
Remove from heat and cool.



In a 3 to 4 quart heavy saucepan bring water with salt to a boil.
Add rice and cook, stirring, until water return to a boil.
Reduce heat to low and simmer until surface of rice is covered with steam holes, 8 to 10 minutes.
Cover pan and cook rice until it is tender and all water is absorbed, about 15 minutes more.
Remove pan from heat and let stand, undisturbed, 5 minutes.
Fluff rice with a fork.
Rice may be made 3 days ahead and cooled completely before being chilled, covered.
Reheat rice in a lightly oiled colander set over a saucepan of boiling water and covered.
Makes about 9 cups.



combine and heat.
rub on chicken each time you flip it (do it on grill).
serve.



Preheat the oven to 425F.
Lightly grease a baking sheet.
Place the flour, salt, and sugar in a large bowl and stir to mix.
Cut the butter and the shortening into the flour mixture using a pastry blender or two knives in a crosscutting motion until the mixture resembles coarse meal.
Work quickly so the butter remains cool and doesnt melt into the flour.
Create a well in the center of the flour-butter mixture.
Pour the buttermilk into the well and stir together just until all the flour is incorporated; do not overmix.
Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead two or three times, just until it comes together, and form into a flat disk.
Using a lightly floured rolling pin or your hands, roll or pat the dough 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick.
Lightly flour a 2- to 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter and cut the biscuits, leaving as little space between each cut as possible and pressing down just once for each biscuit; do not twist the cutter.
If the dough begins to stick to the cutter, dip the cutter in a little flour.
Gather the excess biscuit dough, reroll once, and cut as many biscuits from it as possible.
Arrange the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 15 to 18 minutes, until the biscuits have risen and are golden brown.
Remove from the oven and brush the tops with the melted butter.
Because biscuits are made with so few ingredients, the quality of each one is of utmost importance.
That probably accounts for why Southerners are so famously particular about the kind of flour and shortening they use in their biscuits.
My mother swears by Martha White flour and Crisco, whereas Iand many othersfavor White Lily flour, a brand that is practically synonymous with Southern baking.
As for shortening, there are factions that favor lard, those that favor vegetable shortening, and those that favor butter.
I use mostly butter for its superior flavor, but I typically add just a little bit of vegetable shortening or lard for extra flakiness.
Here are some quick tips that practically guarantee perfect biscuits every time.
For the softest biscuits, always use flour that has a low gluten content.
All purpose flour is a safe bet, and certain brands, such as White Lily and Martha White, are known for being extra soft.
Steer clear of whole-wheat or bread flour.
Do not add more flour than is needed to keep the dough from sticking together; if you add too much, the dough will be tough.
Do not mix or work the dough any more than is necessary to bring it together.
Never roll biscuit dough more than twice or your biscuits will be tough.
Any scraps left over from the second rolling can be wrapped around cooked sausage links and baked as pigs-in-blankets (see Saras Swaps, page 68) or baked as they arethey wont look as nice but theyll taste just as good!
Dip the biscuit cutter in flour to keep the dough from sticking to the cutter.
To allow your biscuits to more fully rise, cut straight down with the biscuit cutter and resist the urge to twist.
For biscuits with soft sides, bake them nestled up next to each other so the sides are touching.
For crispy sides, leave a one-inch space between the biscuits.
For a fail-proof way of cutting the butter into the flour without any danger of the butter melting, freeze the butter for several hours or overnight and then simply use a grater to grate the butter into the flour.
Rotate the pan halfway through baking for even cooking and color.



Mix seasonings together and store in air tight container.
To crust a fish or meat, chill the meat in frig;
pat it dry;
dredge in melted butter;
then dredge in the seasoning.
(Some meals also benefit at this point by resting for 10 minutes before frying.
).
Place it on the pan at the hottest temperature you can safely handle.
It makes surface contact for only minutes, so don't walk away, and persevere through the smoke.
If the fish/meat is thick, have a hot oven prepped to ensure the meal is cooked through, blackened on the outside and not simply burned.



Combine vinegar, brown sugar, water, salt in a 2 gallon suacepan and bring to a boil.
Add the potatoes and cook for 25 minutes or just tender (Yukon golds take longer).
In the meantime, slice bacon into small pieces.
Brown in a skillet until crispy.
Remove from skillet.
Reserve the bacon drippings.
Add the olive oil to the bacon drippings.
Warm over medium heat and add onion and celery.
Sautee until slightly wilted.
Add the bacon back to the skillet.
When potatoes are tender, drain off the liquid.
Add the bacon mixture to the hot potatoes, toss and serve.
The recipe suggests this serves 10 side portions.
In my opinion, it serves less but then I loved it.
I say 6-10 depending on the serving size.



Preheat oven to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C).
In a medium saucepan over medium high heat, mix together curry powder, Worcestershire sauce, garlic salt, cayenne pepper, maple syrup and golden currants.
Bring to a boil and remove from heat.
In a large bowl, toss together corn chips, crispy corn cereal squares, mini pretzels and popped popcorn.
Pour in curry powder mixture and toss gently to attain an even coating.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until crisp and lightly browned.



Mix cheese and butter.
Add in flour, salt, paprika and cayenne pepper.
Roll into 1 inch balls.
Poke hole with your finger and put in some filling.
Close hole and bake at 400 degrees for 20 min.



Mix all ingredients together.
Can be eaten right away, but will taste much better if refrigerated overnight.



In a dry heavy skillet cook the sugar over moderate heat until it begins to melt and continue cooking it, stirring with a fork, until it is melted completely and is golden caramel.
Remove the skillet from the heat, stir in the pumpkin seeds and the sesame seeds, and, working quickly, pour the mixture onto a sheet of foil.
Let the brittle cool and break into small pieces.



1.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F, and prepare a sheet pan with a Silpat or a sheet of parchment paper.
2.
In the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour, salt and baking powder.
3.
Add the cheddar cheese and pulse together.
4.
Cut in the butter until you have a coarse crumb.
5.
Add the beer and pulse until you have a uniform dough.
6.
Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and pat into a rectangle.
Cut the dough into 8 pieces.
7.
Place the biscuits on the baking sheet and lightly brush them with a little milk.
8.
Bake the biscuits for 10 minutes at 450 degrees F. Serve immediately!



Place raspberries and 1 cup water in a blender; process until smooth.
Strain raspberry mixture through a fine sieve; discard solids.
Combine raspberry puree, remaining 1 1/2 cups water, and sugar in a small saucepan.
Combine juice and cornstarch in a small bowl, stirring with a whisk until blended.
Add cornstarch mixture to raspberry mixture; bring to a boil over medium heat.
Cook 5 minutes or until thickened, stirring constantly.
Strain through a fine sieve; discard solids.
Cool.
Cover and chill.



Melt chocolate and peanut butter in microwave or double boiler, stirring often.
Add all remaining ingredients; stir with a wooden spoon to coat evenly.
Drop by teaspoonfuls onto waxed paper.



To Make Dip: In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, mayonnaise and bleu cheese.
Stir in green onion and pepper; cover and refrigerate.
To Make Strips: Heat oil in a large skillet.
Season chicken with salt and sautee over medium high heat, stirring frequently, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 7 to 10 minutes.
Remove skillet from heat.
Add butter and hot pepper sauce to skillet and swirl until the butter melts and the sauce coats the chicken.
Serve hot chicken with refrigerated dip mix.



Butter an 8-inch square pan.
Butter the sides of a heavy, 2-quart saucepan; add sugar, sour cream, corn syrup, and salt.
Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes.
Increase heat to medium and cook until mixture comes to a boil.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until mixture reaches 239 degrees F (115 degrees C) or until a small amount of sugar mixture dropped into cold water forms a soft ball that flattens when removed from the water and placed on a flat surface.
Remove saucepan from heat.
Stir butter and vanilla extract into sugar mixture and cool to lukewarm, about 110 degrees F (43 degrees C).
Beat mixture vigorously until fudge is creamy and no longer glossy.
Fold cherries and walnuts into fudge; pour into the prepared 8-inch pan.
Allow to cool until hardened, at least 1 hour.



Mix all ingredients and allow to sit so the chia seeds gel up.
Top with fruits or nuts of your choosing.
I topped mine with chopped candied ginger.
* Sweeten to your taste, this recipe will make a dark chocolate taste.
Add more sweetener to cut the bitterness cocoa powder if you prefer it sweeter.



Place everything in bread machine in order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select dough cycle.
Remove dough to floured board, cover and let rest for 15 minutes.
Cut dough in half and roll out.



Fill your cup 2/3 of the way up with orange soda.
Then add a scoop or two of vanilla ice cream and mix together.
Enjoy!



Pour entire can of pineapple, including the juice, into large, resealable plastic bag.
Freeze until solid, at least 8 hours, or overnight.
Remove bag from freezer, and let sit at room temperature for about 10 minutes.
Empty contents of bag into blender or food processor.
Add the mango nectar, and pulse to chop up large pieces of fruit.
Blend until smooth and creamy.
Pour into glasses and serve.



n a mixing bowl, cream light margarine, sugar, and Splenda.
Add the egg substitute 1/4 cups at a time, beating well after each addition.
Beat in vanilla.
Combine dry ingredients; add to the creamed mixture alternately with water.
Fold in sauerkraut, coconut and pecans.
Pour into three greased and floured 9-in.round baking pans.
Bake at 350F for 20-24 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean.
Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks; cool completely.
In a bowl, combine melted chocolate and mayonnaise.
Set aside 1-1/4 cups for frosting.
To the remaining chocolate mixture, add half of the coconut and pecans; spread between cake layers.
Spread reserved chocolate mixture over top and sides of cake.
Combine remaining coconut and pecans; press onto sides of cake.
Store in the refrigerator.
Slice with a serrated knife.



Melt butter in sauce pan over low heat; remove from heat.
Stir in powdered sugar and vanilla.
Stir in hot water 1 tbsp at a time until it has the consistency of syrup.
Drizzle over cinnamon rolls.



Add water, yeast and sugar in mixing bowl, allow to bubble (about 4 min).
Add salt and flour slowly, checking for consistency.
You may need to use as much as 1/2 a cup extra flour- dough should be firm but slightly sticky.
Place in greased bowl and allow to double (15-30 minutes).
Flour your hands and separate into 12 rolls on greased pan.
Allow to rise 15 minutes more.
Bake at 350F for 15 minutes.



Line a large jelly roll style pan, about 10 by 15 inches with parchment baking paper.
Spray the parchment paper lightly with cooking spray.
Wax paper will also work.
Melt the semi-sweet chocolate using the microwave or in a small pot over very low heat.
Meanwhile, prepare a "bain marie" or double-boiler over simmering water.
Heat the white chocolate and peanut butter, stirring constantly until melted and combined.
Evenly spread the mixture onto the prepare lined pan.
Pour the melted dark chocolate over the top and use a knife to create the tigers stripes as desired.
Chill until firm.
Cut into 28 to 36 pieces.



Heat oven to 350F.
Roast the pecans on a baking sheet for about 12 minutes, stirring at half way.
Watch closely so they dont burn.
In the meantime, mix all remaining ingredients except olive oil in a small bowl.
Transfer warm pecans from sheet into a large bowl.
Add in olive oil and stir to coat nuts.
Then sprinkle on seasoning and stir again.
Allow to cool completely then store in an air tight container.
Enjoy!



Squeeze limes and lemons.
Reserve pulp, if you wish for pulp in the mix.
Put lime and lemon juice into a pitcher.
Add sugar, salt and water to lime and lemon juice (and pulp if desired).
Stir until sugar and salt has dissolved.



*NOTE sesame seeds, kosher salt, or possibly chopped onion, or possibly whatever!
1.
Add in all ingredients for the dough except the barley malt syrup in the order suggested by your bread machine.
Process on the manual cycle.
2.
At the end of the cycle, remove the dough from the machine.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
In a large pot, bring 2 qts of water to a boil.
3.
While the water comes to a boil, divide the dough into 8 pcs.
Roll each piece into a rope 12 inches long.
Make a circle of each piece, overlapping the ends by at least an inch and pressing or possibly rolling the overlap tightly to seal.
Let the bagels rise for only 5 min.
4.
Add in the malt syrup to the boling water.
Lower the bagels a few at a time into the water.
As soon as the bagels rise to the top, remove them with a spatula and place on a lightly greased baking sheet.
Sprinkle with .75 tsp.
of any of the toppings over each bagel and bake for 20 min, or possibly till golden brown.
NOTES:I couldn't find barley malt syrup, so I used molasses.
It seems to work in almost the same way.
I make 4 bagels out of this recipe, instead of 8.
They seem to be the same size as the kind you would buy in the store if there are 4 of them.
If you want them smaller, make 8.
Greg Larkin



In a large saucepan, (5 or 6 Quart size) combine sugar, baking soda, salt, buttermilk and corn syrup.
Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
Reduce heat to medium-low, continue cooking until mixture becomes caramel-colored and reaches soft ball stage (238 degrees).
Remove from heat, add butter and pecan halves.
Beat until thick enough to drop from a spoon onto waxed paper.
If mixture becomes too hard, return to heat and add small amount of water.
Stir until smooth.
*** Variation ***
Reduce sugar to 2 cups.
Omit corn syrup.
Increase butter to 3/4 cup, add 1 teaspoon vanilla.
Include butter in cooking stage.
Add vanilla with pecans.



Pour milk into a spritz (spray) bottle.
Start to spray milk evenly and throughly into ends of you hair working up towards the roots as you move along, spraying most of the milk onto your roots.
When done leave milk in for 30 minutes.
Shampoo and condition your hair.



Whisk canola oil, honey, cider vinegar, poppy seeds, and seasoned salt together in a bowl until smooth.



Melt 1 tsp butter in non-stick skillet.
Lightly brown chicken tenders and then remove to shallow baking pan.
Melt remaining butter in saucepan, add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
Boil for 1 minute.
Pour sauce over chicken.
Roast at 350 degrees F for 15 minutes, basting often.
Serve warm.



Soak the almonds in water to cover by 1 inch for at least 6 hours or overnight.
They will plump up by about 30 percent while soaking.
Drain the almonds and place them and the water in the blender.
Blend on the highest setting for a full 2 minutes.
Pour the milk: through a fine-mesh strainer, pressing down on the solids as you go.
Discard the solids and strain the milk one more time, this time not squeezing the solids.
The milk is ready to drink immediately: try it straight up or over ice.
Kept refrigerated, almond milk: will last for 5 days.
Frozen, it will last for up to 4 months.



Combine all ingredients in blender and process until smooth.
Divide smoothie between 2 glasses and serve.



Wash the shiitake mushrooms, and slice thinly.
Put all the ingredients in a pot over medium heat (the photo just shows the shiitake mushrooms).
It will come to a boil in about 5 minutes and look like this.
Skim off the scum.
Stir occasionally as it simmers.
Let the shiitake re-absorb the liquid that comes out.
Simmer until reduced, like this.



In a medium saucepan, heat olive oil lightly brown onions, stirring occasionally.
Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer.
Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
Cover saucepan and simmer for 30-45 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Pour mixture into food processor or blender and blend until smooth.
Use immediately or store in refrigerator.



Preheat oven to 325F with rack in center.
Put butter, sugar, vanilla, flour, and salt, in large mixing bowl.
Stir together by hand until combined, but not creamy.
Stir in dried cranberries.
Press dough evenly into 8" square baking pan.
Bake until firm and pale golden, about 30 minutes.
Let cool in pan on wire rack about 20 minutes.
Run knife around edges to loosen from pan and move to work surface, right side up.
Cut out using cookie cutter, or cut in to squares using knife.



If your almonds aren't pre-blanched-- place them in very hot water for about 30 seconds - 1 minute, then gently rub with a dish towel.
This should make all the skins come off.
In a blender or food processor, blend the almonds with 1 cup of water until smooth.
Add the salt and remaining 3 cups of water to the mix and blend again until smooth.
Pour into a pitcher; preferably one that's lidded because you need to shake well before using.
Best used within 3-4 days of making.



In a skillet on medium -high heat melt the butter.
Add the green onion tops and bottoms chopped nicely and the minced garlic.
Saute' for about 2 minutes.
Add the shrimp that have been cleaned, deveined, and drained.
Season with the salt, pepper, basil,parsley, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper.
Cover and continue sauteeing on medium heat for 3 or 4 minutes.The shrimp will release a good amount of water.
This is good.
Remove the lid and reduce the heat to medium.
Add the cream cheese in cubes.
Add the cream of shrimp soup, grated parmesan and evaporated milk.
Stir constantly with a wooden spoon until it appears nice and creamy.
If it begins to stick you need to reduce the heat a little.
Cover and continue to cook on medium for about 10 minutes.
Reduce heat to low and serve.
Serve over angel hair pasta.



For the filling, in a medium saucepan combine pitted dates, raisins, 1-1/4 cups water, and 1/4 cup of orange juice.
Bring to boil; reduce heat.
Simmer covered, for 8 to 10 minutes or until thickened.
Set aside to cool slightly.
Meanwhile, in a large mixing bowl beat the butter with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds.
Add the brown sugar; beat until combined.
Beat in the flour, baking soda, and salt until crumbly.
Stir in the oats and 1 tablespoon water until combined.
Press half of the mixture into the bottom of a 13x9x2 inch baking pan.
Spread the filling evenly over mixture in pan.
Sprinkle remaining crumb mixture evenly on top, pressing slightly into filling.
Bake in a 350 degree F oven about 35 minutes or until golden.
Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Cut into bars.
recipe yields 35 bars.



Place all ingredients in a food processor and blend until they reach your desired level of smoothness.
Chill and eat!



Rub ribs well with some of the DRY RUB.
Refrigerate COVERED for 4 to 6 hours.
Now in a sauce pan COMBINE 7 items plus a 1/2 CUP of DRY RUB.
Cook over a very low heat so it doesn't BURN for about 3 hours.
Preheat Smoker.
Get the smoker heat to between-170 and 200 degrees.
Keep it at that no higher.
Add ribs and smoke for a good 4 to 6 hours.
Brush with sauce during the last 1/2 hour.
ENJOY.



In a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crispy.
Drain fat between batches.
In a small bowl, mix sugar and mustard.
Once the last batch of bacon is fried and the grease poured off, put all the bacon back in the pan (over low heat).
Spoon the sugar mixture over the bacon and toss to coat.
Work quickly as it sets up very fast.
Remove to serving platter, keeping pieces from touching (they stick); serve immediately.



Melt the chocolate chips and the butter in a small heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly.
Stir in the milk and the honey until the mixture is smooth and glossy.
Let the chocolate cool to spreading consistency, then pour over the cake.
Spread chocolate on top and on the sides of room temperature cake.
Chill until set.



Cut into smaller pieces of the ring pineapple then mix all ingredient till smooth
pour equal amount into 2 ramekin or any baking cup or bowl
bake at 175 C for 30 minute or slightly longer till its top are lighly brown and crisp
cover with foil if it burn too quickly
Let it cool then serve, top with some icing sugar
BELOW ARE FEW OF MY PINEAPPLE RECIPES ,I AM GLAD TO SHARE WITH YOU



Ladies, get your aprons on.
You may need it, depending on how awesome your blender is.
Mine is a splatterhead and drenched me in oil the first time.
I now use a towel to cover the opening in my blender.
It is WELL worth it, though.
Combine the vinegar, sugar, mustard and onion in a blender, and well ... blend.
Well.
This (can be) the messy part.
Youre going to want to turn your blender on and slowly pour in your vegetable oil.
If you are one of those lucky people that has a teeny tiny hole in the top of your blender, youll be in good hands.
If not, just keep a towel with you for this part and use it to cover the hand that is pouring into the blender.
Pour in a pretty jar and add your poppyseeds.



Mix all the ingredients together in a bowl.
Store in an airtight container.
NOTE: To make this a wet rub, simply add 1 tablespoons lemon/lime juice and 1 tablespoons olive oil.



Place frozen strawberries and raspberries into a blender, and pulse several times to break up the berries.
Pour in half the orange juice with the blender running, and allow to blend until smooth and thick, about 30 seconds.
If smoothie is too thick, blend in remaining orange juice.
Serve immediately.



Puree roasted red bell peppers.
Mix cheeses until soft.
Gradually combine all ingredients until completely incorporated with cheese.
Chill until firm and serve with crackers or rustic bread.



Whip the heavy cream until it forms peaks.
Chop the chocolate and microwave to melt.
Add Step 2 chocolate to the Step 1 whipped cream, and fold in with a spatula.
Pour the mixture into molds or cups, chill to harden, then it's done.
Garnish with whipped heavy cream, chocolate or dragees (not listed), and enjoy.



Add all of the ingredients to a small Pyrex measuring cup or other microwave safe container and mix well.
Place in the microwave and set the power setting to 50% and microwave in 1 minute increments until the mixture has reduced to 1/4 of a cup and is syrupy.



Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of oven, preheat to 250F.
Add lemon juice, curry powder and salt in a large bowl, whisk until well blended.
Stir in cashew nuts, toss to evenly coat.
Divide between 2 large baking sheets, spread evenly in a single layer.
Bake, stirring every 15 minutes, 45 to 50 minutes or until dry.
Allow to cool completely.
Store in an airtight container.



Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Wash and peel potatoes then slice very thin.
Combine seasonings in a small bowl.
Place 2 TBSP melted butter in a 10", oven proof skillet.
Be sure to spray well with non stick cooking spray first.
Arrange 1/3 of the potatoes in the skillet in a circular pattern.
Sprinkle with about 1/4 teaspoons mixed seasonings.
Drizzle with about 4 teaspoons melted butter.
Sprinkle with 2 TBSP onion.
Repeat layers twice.
Cover tightly with foil, press layers down.
Bake 20 minutes.
Uncover and bake 20 minutes more or until potatoes are tender.
Remonve from oven and press layers down with a spatula.
Let stad for 10 minutes then invert onto serving platter to unmold potatoes.



In a large bowl, combine corn syrup and peanut butter; stir in cereal.
With buttered hands, press the mixture into a greased 13 x 9 x 2 inch pan.
Refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Cut cereal mixture into 12 rectangles; remove from the pan.
Place 1/2 cup ice cream on six rectangles; top with remaining rectangles.
Wrap each in plastic wrap and freeze until firm.
May be frozen for up to 2 months.
Cut in half before serving.



Combine ingredients thoroughly.
Press into jelly roll 10"x15" pan.
Bake at 350 degrees for 25 min.



In a large bowl, combine the peanut butter, honey, powdered milk and lemon juice.
Mix well.
Add the cereal, dried cherries, and sunflower seeds and stir well.
Have a small bowl of water on hand.
Moistening your hands as needed, roll the cereal mixture into balls.
Set on wax paper until the outsides feel dry to the touch, about 30 minutes.
Store in an airtight container at room temperature up to 4 days.



Sift flour, cocoa, and salt into medium bowl.
Beat butter and sugar in large bowl until smooth.
Beat in vanilla.
Add dry ingredients; beat until dough holds together.
Divide dough in half.
Shape each piece into disk.
Wrap in plastic; chill until firm enough to roll, at least 45 minutes and up to 1 day.
Set rack in center of oven and preheat to 300F Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment.
Roll out 1 dough disk on floured surface to 1/4-inch thickness.
Using 3-inch star-shaped cutter, cut out cookies.
Transfer to sheets, spacing 1 inch apart.
Gather scraps into ball.
Wrap; chill until firm, about 30 minutes.
Bake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, until tops feel firm to touch, about 25 minutes.
Cool on sheets 10 minutes.
Transfer to racks and cool completely.
Repeat rolling, cutting, and baking until all dough is used.
Do ahead Can be made ahead.
Store airtight at room temperature up to 3 days or freeze up to 2 weeks.
Stir chocolate in small metal bowl set over saucepan of barely simmering water until smooth.
Using small spoon, drizzle chocolate over cookies in zigzag lines.
Sprinkle with crushed candies.
Drizzle remaining chocolate over.
Let stand until chocolate is set, at least 1 hour.
Do ahead Can be made 3 days ahead.
Store cookies between sheets of waxed paper in airtight container at room temperature.



Soak plank in water to cover for 1 hour or longer if possible and drain.
Prepare barbeque.
Combine garlic, soy sauce, ginger, parsley, and oil in large zip bag.
Shake to combine.
Add salmon to marinade.
Marinate in refrigerator for 30 minutes, turning once.
Place soaked plank on grill grate over medium-heat.
Heat plank for 2 to 3 minutes, urn plank, and continue heating for an additional 3 minutes.
Remove salmon from marinade; discard marinade and place salmon, skin side down on charred side of plank.
Grill salmon, with lid down, approximately 15 minutes, or until fish is medium rare or to your liking.
Sprinkle with sesame seeds and scallions.



Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a large mixing bowl, add all ingredients and stir to coat.
Transfer to a rimmed nonstick baking sheet pan and roast 8 minutes.
Remove from oven and allow to cool.
Transfer to an airtight container.



Preheat oven to gas 4 / 180C / 350F and grease and line a 9 inch tray
Combine flour, 1st lot of baking powder and salt in one bowl.
In another mix both sugars and dairy free spread and beat well
Mix water, oil and 2nd lot of baking powder together until light and creamy them add vanilla
Add to sugar mix, then add all to flour mix and beat until well blended
Pour the mixture into the tin and bake for 30 - 40 minutes until light golden brown
Cool in tin for 15 minutes then slice and let cool completely



Add to bread machine in order recommended by manufacturer.
Use basic or timed cycle.



Drizzle a little honey in the bottom of each ice cream dish.
Place a scoop of Vanilla bean ice cream on top.
Drizzle scoops with a little more honey, just enought to glaze the scoops.
sprinkle sundaes with salted Spanish peanuts and serve.



Preheat oven to 425'F.
Lightly grease your muffin tin(s).
In a med.
size bowl with a hand mixer whip up the water and the flax seed meal.
In about a couple of minutes this should become a thick and creamy liquid.
In a large bowl combine the oat bran, flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.
Set aside.
In a small bowl mix the flax seed mixture, milk and oil.
Stir in the walnuts if using and then add to the dry ingredients until just combined, don't over mix!
Fill your prepared muffin cups less then half full, then put a dab of your jam on top of the batter, then put more batter until the muffin cup is 2/3 full.
Bake for 15-20 minutes, depending on how your oven is.
I used a skewer to test the side to see if it was done.
I didn't put it down the middle as the jam is there.
Cool the muffins in the tin for about 3 minutes, then remove to a rack to a wire cool.
Bon Appetit!



In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat.
Cook and stir almonds in butter until lightly toasted.
Remove from heat, and let cool.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, sugar, onion, paprika, white wine vinegar, cider vinegar, and vegetable oil.
Toss with spinach just before serving.
In a large bowl, combine the spinach with the toasted almonds and cranberries.



Pulse the nuts in the mixer until roughly chopped.
Mix with the rest of the ingredients for the filling.
Make the batter and preheat a frying pan, dip a cotton pad in oil and wipe the pan then pour the batter into small pancakes about 8 cm (3 inches) diameter.
Four small pancakes fit in a medium sized frying pan.
A pancake skillet is perfect for this if you have one.
Repeat oiling the pan for each batch.
Cook the pancakes on one side only, remove from the pan when the top sets.
Place a teaspoonful of filling in the center of each pancake on the uncooked side (the side with lots of small holes).
Pinch the pancake edges around the filling forming a half circle.
Fry the filled pancakes, the qatayif should be crunchy but not hard so don't let the oil get too hot.
Dip the pancakes in any warm syrup before serving .



Place yogurt in a blender.
Add pineapple, mango, orange juice, agave nectar, lime juice, and salt to blender; process until smooth.
Add crushed ice; process until smooth.



Select loaf size.
Add in ingredients to machine according to manufacturer"s directions.
Select WHITE cycle and light crust setting.
This recipe yields 1 loaf.
Comments: This tender loaf - made with Robin Hood Best For Bread Homestyle white flour and Robin Hood Best For Bread Whole wheat flour - is filled with a delicate, creamy combination of bananas, buttermilk and honey.
The result is a light, moist bread which's sure to please.
Anytime is the perfect time for this delicious bread.
Here are some of our favourites...
Spread thick hot slices with creamy peanut butter for a wonderful breakfast treat.
Serve alongside other breakfast and lunch favourites as part of a delicious buffet brunch.
Relax and enjoy a slice or possibly two with tea or possibly coffee and a good book.
Drizzle honey over a toasted slice for a satisfying snack just before bedtime.
It only takes a few min to prepare this tasty Banana Bread.
And, since it's packed with flavourful, nutrient-rich bananas, this is one treat your family will love - and you'll love making it for them.
Yield: 1 loaf



Preheat the oven to gas 4 / 180C / 350F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper
Slightly warm the coconut oil and syrup together in a microwavable bowl
Add the dry ingredients and stir in so everything is coated in the oil/syrup mixture
Now add the pumpkin and apple purees and mix again well
Roll into ping pong sized balls and flatten down on the baking sheet (these cookies won't spread)
Bake for 20 - 25 minutes (depends on how thin you press them) then let cool on the tray before storing in an airtight container
I like to use this flaxseed mix available from Holland & Barretts, larger Tesco stores and also online.
It's a resealable pack that stores in the fridge but it needs to be used within 6 weeks or the goodness is lost from the flax



Heat oven to 400F.
Place beets on greased foil-covered baking sheet.
Bake 1 hour or until tender.
Cool slightly.
Meanwhile, cook and stir nuts and honey in small skillet on medium-high heat 4 to 6 min.
or until mixture is simmering and foamy.
Immediately spread onto greased baking sheet; separate slightly with fork.
Cool.
Mix oil, juice, salt and pepper.
Peel and quarter beets when cool enough to handle; place in medium bowl.
Add oil mixture; toss to coat beets.
Sprinkle with nuts.



Place walnuts, 1/4 cup confectioners sugar, and salt in a food processor, pulse to break up nuts, then process until nuts are finely ground.
Add butter a few pieces at a time, pulsing to incorporate, then process until mixture is smooth; pulse in vanilla.
Add flour and pulse until incorporated.
Process until dough begins to form a ball.
Place dough on large piece of plastic wrap, form into a very flat disc, cover completely with wrap, and refrigerate until firm enough to roll into balls, at least 2 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 rimmed cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Roll dough between your lightly floured palms into 1-inch balls and place 2 inches apart on cookie sheets, Gently flatten just enough so they dont; roll off.
Bake until light golden brown around edges, about 15 minutes.
Place pan on rack to cool for 5 minutes, then sift remaining 1 cup confectioners sugar over warm cookies.
After cookies have cooled completely, roll them in sugar on the sheets to cover completely.



In soup pot, fry ground beef until browned.
Add onion and celery and fry until soft.
Add tomato juice, potatoes, salt, carrots, and water and simmer for one hour.
Make a paste with flour and 1/2 cup milk.
Stir into soup.
Add remaining milk and heat through before serving.



Mix all ingredients as best you can.
To make the pancakes from the mix provided above, just mix 1 egg, 1 cup of water, 2 tablespoons oil/or margarine and 1 1/2 cups of the mix.
Mix until slightly lumpy.



Stir brown sugar and 3 tablespoons rum in heavy small saucepan over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves.
Mix in tangerine peel.
Cool to room temperature.
Using electric mixer, beat butter in medium bowl until light.
Add remaining 1 tablespoon rum, brown sugar mixture and powdered sugar and beat until well blended and smooth.
(Can be prepared 1 week ahead.
Cover and refrigerate.
Bring to room temperature before serving.)



Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.
Place the almonds on a baking sheet.
Roast for 10 to 12 minutes.
Remove from the baking sheet and place in a large bowl.
In a small saucepan, combine 1/4 cup sugar with the honey , butter & 1/2 of the salt.
Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally.
Once it comes to a boil, do not stir.
Boil for 3 minuites; it should darken slightly.
If past the golden brown stage remove from heat to prevent burning.
Pour the hot syrup over the nuts.
Sprinkle with remaining salt and 2 tablespoons of sugar.
Transfer the nuts to a greased baking sheet and seperate with a fork.
Cool completely.
Store in a airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week.



Mince apricots in blender.
Combine with 1 1/2 cups of coconut and all other ingredients (reserving 1/2 cup coconut for rolling) and blend well.
Take a teaspoonful of mixture and roll into balls.
Toss in extra coconut.
Store in fridge.



Combine in a small bowl picante sauce, chutney mustard and lime juice; mix well.
In medium bowl, combine remaining ingredients.
Add chutney mixture; toss well and transfer to serving plates.



Grind the sunflower seeds, sesame seeds separately.
Add to your food processor.
Grind the cocoa nibs up and take out 5 tablespoons These are for coating the truffles.
Add the rest of the ingredients and process until the dough holds together well.
Transfer the dough to a bowl and roll into little balls.
I found that I had to squeeze the dough a few times to get it to stick together.
Roll the truffles in the reserved ground cocoa powder you made and put into the fridge for at least an hour to set up.
Bon Appetit.



To make the crumble topping:.
In a stand mixer using the paddle attachment, combine the flour, oatmeal, brown sugar, and salt.
Add the cold butter and mix on low speed until the topping just begins to come together and resembles large bits of chunky dough.
(Do not mix so long that it comes together completely.)
Transfer the topping to a shallow container, breaking it up a bit.
Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.
To make the filling:.
Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the pears, cranberries, lemon juice, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, sugar, salt, and flour.
Toss the ingredients lightly to coat evenly and pour into a 1 1/2-quart baking dish.
Top with the crumble topping, breaking up any large clumps with your fingers and spreading it evenly.
At this point, there may be areas that arent completely covered with topping, but dont worry because it will spread a bit as it bakes.
Bake until the topping begins to brown and the filling is bubbling, about 40 minutes.
Remove the crumble from the oven and let it cool somewhat before serving.



Preheat the oven to 300F.
In a bowl, combine the cumin, cinnamon, and nutmeg and mix in the honey.
Add the walnuts and toss to coat.
Sprinkle with the salt.
Pour the nuts onto a sheet pan covered in waxed paper and toast in the oven, stirring frequently, for approximately 10 minutes, until they are dark golden in color.
Allow to cool completely before using or storing in a dry place for up to 2 weeks.



Mix ingredients.
Pour over browned, ground meat (or shredded, cooked meat) in a pan over medium heat.
I'm sorry I don't have an amount of water to recommend adding to the seasoning.
I usually just wing it and then simmer it down if I get too carried away with the water.
I think about a half cup?.
Simmer until it looks good!
Dig it.



Mix 1 cup cream, syrup and sugar.
Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until mixture boils.
Slowly add remainder of cream , butter.
Keep candy boiling while adding ingredients, cook until candy form ball when dropped into water.
Add vanilla to mixture put pecans (chopped) in bottom of buttered 10 inch square pan.Pour mixture over nuts let's stand 6 to 8 hours cut into squares , add chopped caramel candy to chocolate chip cookie dough.



Note this requires a minimum of 3 hours refrigeration, up to overnight.
Mix all the yogurt ingredients in a glass jar (14-ounce size) with a lid.
If you dont want to add the chia, just dont add as much milk.
(You can mix any spices, sweeteners, or dried fruit you like into the oats and milk.)
Refrigerate in the glass jar or another airtight container and let the oats soak for at least three hours, ideally overnight.
In the morning, you can add fresh fruit, nuts, yogurt and any other favorite toppings to your oatmeal.
In this case I topped with my own homemade vanilla yogurt and some chocolate chips.
Enjoy!



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grind oatmeal in a food processor or blender (optional!
I usually grind about half of the oats!
).
In a large bowl, combine oatmeal, flour, baking powder and salt.
In a separate bowl, dissolve honey in vegetable oil then stir in the milk.
Combine both mixtures and stir until a soft dough is formed.
Form the dough into a ball (it will be very sticky) and place on a lightly oiled baking sheet.
I usually sprinkle semolina/coarse corn meal on baking sheet for added crunch and so loaf doesn't stick to pan.
Bake in preheated oven for about 20-30 minutes, or until bottom of loaf sounds hollow when tapped.



Bring berries, 1/2 cup water and sugar to a boil over medium-high heat.
Stir cornstarch into remaining 1/2 cup cold water then stir into berry mixture.
Simmer for 2-4 minutes until syrup thickens.
Stir in maple syrup.
Cool.
This freezes very well.
Good with other types of berries, too.



Pre heat oven to 350 degrees.
To toast the pecans, place evenly on a cookie sheet.
Bake for 5-10 minutes at 350 degrees, checking often.
They will burn quickly!
In a 4-quart saucepan, place all ingredients, except pecans, and heat until mixture reaches 250 degrees.
Turn off heat and add pecans to saucepan and mix well.
Spread coated pecans evenly on cookie sheet lined with parchment paper or cooking spray.
Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes.
Check the pecans midway during cooking, give them a mix using a spatula, spread evenly on cookie sheet and continue cooking.
Cool and enjoy.



Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Mix flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar in a bowl.
Cut in the cold butter with a knife or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Add milk a little at a time, stirring lightly between additions.
Drop the batter by spoonfuls onto a cookie sheet, and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the tops are golden.



Preheat oven to 425F.
Combine first 5 ingredients.
Rub chicken inside and out with mixture.
Roast in a 425 oven until golden, turning occasionally to brown all sides.
Lower heat to 350, add apricots and sugar to pan juices.
Baste chicken and apricots with juices and continue roasting 20 minutes or until tender.
Remove to heated plate, pour juices over and sprinkle with almonds or pistachios.



In a large bowl, stir together the KC Masterpiece Barbecue Sauce, olive oil, mustard, honey, rosemary, thyme, salt & pepper until well combined.
Reserve 3/4 of a cup of the sauce to be used later for basting.
Place chicken into bowl with remaining sauce and marinate for at least 1 hour or all day.
Preheat grill to medium high.
Brush or spray grates with vegetable oil to prevent sticking.
Place chicken breasts on grill, close lid and lower heat to medium.
Grill for 3-4 minutes and then flip the chicken over and baste with the reserved sauce.
Grill for an additional 3-4 minutes or until cooked through.
One last flip of the chicken to sauce the other side and then continue to grill for just enough time to set the sauce.
Remove from grill, tent with foil and let rest for 5-10 minutes.
Serve and enjoy!



Bring 2 1/2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan; add rice and next 4 ingredients (rice through salt).
Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes or until liquid is absorbed.
Remove from heat; stir in cilantro, onions, and juice.



Place in breadmachine in order recommended for your machine.
Set to dough setting.



Place all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth.
Serve with reduced fat whipped cream and a cherry!



Cook tortellini in salted water.
Rinse tortellini under cold running water until cool; drain.
Stir dressing with black pepper and basil.
Add tortellini -- avoid breaking up the pasta.
Salad can be covered and refrigerated for up to a day.
When ready to serve, gently fold in chicken and nuts.
Sprinkle Parmesan over top.



On a rimmed baking sheet, combine tomatoes, oil and salt.
Roast in a 450* oven for 10 minutes.
Turn oven to broil and roast tomatoes until golden brown, about 5 minutes.
Transfer to a food processor.
Add onion, basil, vinegar and pepper and pulse until smooth.
Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 3 days.



Mix dry ingredients in hot boiling water.
Proceed to use your hands to make into patty shapes to fry.
Fry in oil until golden brown on the edges.
Drain on paper towel covered plate.
Cool and serve.



Butter an 8 x 8-inch pan.
Combine sugar, butter, milk, salt, and chocolate in medium saucepan.
Stirring constantly, cook over medium heat until all ingredients melt and come to a boil.
Do not scrape down the sides of the pan.
Lower heat, insert candy thermometer, and let boil slowly without stirring for about 10 minutes or until soft ball forms when dropped in a cup of cold water (238 degrees F on a candy thermometer).
Remove pan from heat and cool.
Add vanilla.
Beat steadily until fudge loses its gloss.
Add nuts.
Pour into pan.
Cool for 20 minutes and cut into squares.
Store in airtight container or wrap in tinfoil.



Combine first 4 ingredients in a large roasting pan and stir well.
Combine brown sugar, butter, honey and cardamom in a medium saucepan.
Place over medium heat and cook until blended, stirring often.
Pour brown sugar mixture over cereal mixture and toss to coat.
Bake at 300F for 40 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes.
Stir in cranberries after removing from oven and spread mixture on a baking sheet to cool completely.
Store in an airtight container.



Whirl ingredients in a food processor or blender, making sure the raisins are chopped.



Preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius Grease two baking trays with butter.
Sift the flour and baking powder (or baking soda) into a medium sized bowl.
Stir in the coconut and oats.
Melt the butter, sugar and golden syrup together over medium heat.
Stir into the dry ingredients.
Using a wooden spoon, mix the ingredients together until well-blended.
Roll into 1/2 tbsp sized balls and place 1 cm away from each other on the baking tray.
Flatten slightly with a fork.
Bake for 10 minutes, or until golden brown.
Leave to cool for about 5 minutes before transferring onto a wire rack to cool completely.



Put the oatmeal or oats in a heavy-based, preferably non-stick, pan and cook over a low heat, stirring constantly until they are toasted and golden.
Allow to cool before use.
Meanwhile, pour the cream into a mixing bowl and whip until soft peaks form, then gradually whisk in the honey and whisky (if you are including this).
Set aside.
After you have removed the stems, washed and carefully dry the raspberries, place a few raspberries in the base of 4 dessert glasses, top with a little cream mixture and sprinkle with some oatmeal or oats.
Continue layering the raspberries, cream and oatmeal, finishing with a layer of raspberries and oatmeal.
Chill until required.
Notes: To prevent the oats from becoming soggy, chill the cream mixture at the end of step 2, and assemble the desserts just before serving.
Alternative: For slightly larger serves, with more of the creamy mixture, use 150ml of double cream and 150ml of yoghurt, mixed together, with honey and whisky then whisked into the blended cream/yogurt.
The yogurt I always buy is a very creamy, slightly sweet Greek yogurt which I get at a local delicatessen.
When I make this recipe I intend using this instead of cream.



Combine all ingredients and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes.
Chill in refrigerator for an hour.
Serve as dipping sauce with southwest eggrolls, chicken tenders, etc.



Cut the drained tofu into four three-eighths-inch slices.
Mix the sesame oil, rice vinegar and tamari.
Marinate the tofu, turning frequently, for one hour.
With the tofu pieces lying flat, insert the skewers parallel to each other horizontally into the tofu.
Preheat coals of grill.
Place the tofu on an open grill and cook for five minutes, turn and cook another eight minutes, until the outside is slightly crispy and brown.



1.
In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium-high heat.
Add marshmallows and stir until melted.
Remove from heat.
2.
Place Cheerios in a large bowl.
Add marshmallow mixture to the Cheerios and stir until the cereal is completely coated.
3.
Spoon mixture into a greased 8x8 pan.
Coat a sheet of wax paper with cooking spray and press down on the cereal (using the side coated with cooking spray) until its surface is even.
Cut and enjoy!



Mix 7oz of marshmellow fluff and 8 oz of cream cheese together and you have a great fruit dip.



In a large saucepan, stir together 3 1/2 cups almond milk, barley, flax meal, and salt over medium heat.
Bring to a simmer and cook 10 minutes, stirring frequently.
Stir in dried cherries and cinnamon and continue cooking, stirring frequently, until cereal is tender and creamy, about 5 minutes more.
Remove from heat and add sugar to taste.
Divide among bowls and drizzle remaining 1/2 cup almond milk over top.
Serve topped with raspberries and, if desired, additional sugar.



Heat a 9-inch skillet over low heat.
Add olive oil and allow to warm.
Add oregano, thyme, rosemary, and black pepper.
Allow the herbs to infuse the oil for about 3 minutes.
Add the olives and combine.
Turn off the heat and allow to cool to room temperature.
Cube feta cheese into bite size pieces.
Add to olives.
Allow to marinate for 2 hours or more.
Pour into a decorative bowl and serve at room temperature.



Dissolve the yeast in the warm water in a sterilized glass jar or crock.
Allow to become bubbly, stir in the brown rice flour and brown sugar.
Cover and allow to stand overnight.
The next morning stir down the starter with a wooden spoon and if the mixture is very thin stir in an additional 1/2 cup flour and 1 teaspoon sugar.
Stir several times throughout the day.
After 24 hours the mixture should have a slight sour odor.
The starter can be used at this point.
When feeding the starter use these guidelines: If using 1 cup of the starter, feed remaining starter with 1 cup of flour, 1 teaspoon brown sugar and filtered water.
I like my starter a little on the thick side.
Starter should be fed weekly and may be kept in the refrigerator between feedings.



In the bowl of a stand mixer fit with a paddle attachment (or with a large bowl and a wooden spoon) cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy, about three minutes in the machine.
Beat in yogurt or applesauce or peanut butter along with the vanilla extract and stir to combine.
Whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt.
Add all at once to the butter and sugar mixture and stir until incorporated.
Fold in chocolate chips.
{Side note: I also made these with Peanut butter chips SO YUMMY}
Scoop large spoonfuls, rounded into a ball onto a waxed paper lined cookie sheet.
Spear each dough ball with a lolly pop stick or a popsicle stick.
Place in the freezer overnight or until frozen, at least three hours.
When ready to dip the balls, melt your dipping chocolate in a small saucepan over a low flame or in the microwave.
Remove balls from the freezer and dip into warm chocolate.
Return to the lined cookie sheet and return to the freezer to harden.
Serve cold from the freezer.



Mix ingredients in the order shown.
(For biscuits).
Do not over mix, which causes biscuits to be tough.
Drop biscuits onto a nonstick cookie sheet.
Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Prepare garlic bread topping by mixing ingredients together.
After cooking biscuits dab each one with the topping using a pastry brush and serve.



In a large cup always pour milk first, then while stirring milk pour orange juice slowly.
Depending on what type of orange juice you have you might not need sugar.
If adding Vodka leave sugar out & also stir slowly while pouring into milk & oj.
1st picture with alcohol.
2nd without



Heat oven to 350F.
Mix 2 cups of the shredded cheese in a large bowl with the sour cream and soup.
Add the garlic.
Mix the potatoes into the soup mixture.
Stir in the melted butter.
Spread into a greased 9x13-inch pan.
Top with the remaining 1/2 cup of shredded cheese.
Bake for 1 hour, or until heated through and the top is nice and crispy.



Whisk the cream in a large metal bowl until thick but before soft peaks form.
Transfer to the freezer.
Fill a medium saucepan with an inch of water and bring to a simmer.
Put the chocolate in a large heatproof bowl and set over the saucepan; do not let the bottom of the bowl touch the water.
Melt the chocolate, stirring occasionally, then remove from the heat.
Let cool.
The chocolate should be cool and liquid and not yet solidified.
Whisk the cold cream continuously while adding the chocolate in a slow, steady stream.
When the chocolate is fully incorporated, freeze the mixture for 2 minutes.
Divide among 4 serving bowls and let stand for a few minutes before serving.
Shave chocolate over the chantilly for garnish.



In a small heavy saucepan combine maple syrup, water, and 1 1/2 cups blueberries and simmer mixture, covered, 5 minutes.
Pour mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, and stir in lemon juice to taste.
Syrup keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days.
Reheat syrup or bring to room temperature before serving.
Serve remaining 6 1/2 cups blueberries topped with yogurt and maple-blueberry syrup.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large mixing bowl combine the dry ingredients and the walnuts if using.
Cut in the butter, blend mixture until ball forms.
Chill dough 10 minutes.
On floured cutting board, roll out dough to 1/2" thickness.
Cut into "sticks" approximately 2" in length and 1/2" wide.
Place on parchment lined baking sheet 1" apart and bake for about 8-10 minutes, depending on your oven.
Bake until light golden brown.
Cool sticks 5 minutes, then roll in sugar/cinnamon mixture.
Serve immediately.
Yield is estimated.



Preheat your oven to 400F.
Place flour and spread evenly in a large diameter cast iron skillet or other oven-safe, heavy pan
Place in the center of the preheated oven.
Bake for 60 to 70 minutes stirring every 15 minutes at first (I use a wisk or flat spatula).
After color develops on the flour, stir every 10 minutes or more often if near the end of the cook.
For a dark roux, the flour will be a dar tan.
To judge color as you would with an oil-based roux, place a very small amount of browned flour in a few drops of water and press with the back of a spoon.
The sample will be the color of the roux when added to a dish and for the time given will be a mahogony color.



Dressing: Mix together all ingredients and let sit overnight.
Salad: Mix together all ingredients except bacon.
Pour dressing over and toss.
Crumble bacon over this.



Combine the condensed milk, peanut butter, cream, and butter in a pot over medium heat.
Stir until well blended.
Add salt and stir.
Taste and adjust the salt.
Let the sauce come to a gentle simmer and remove from the heat.
Cool a little so you don't burn your tongue or melt your ice cream before using.
Store in the fridge for up to a week.
To heat microwave for 10 seconds at a time until ready.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease one 10 inch casserole dish.
Place the spinach in the prepared casserole dish.
Top with the cubed turkey then with the grated cheese.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 25 to 30 minutes.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 7x11 inch baking dish.
Set aside.
Combine raisins, carrots, and water in a medium saucepan.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Remove from heat and allow to cool.
In a mixing bowl, combine flour, oatmeal, sugar substitute, salt, baking soda and cinnamon.
In a separate bowl, mix together the margarine, egg substitute, and vanilla.
Add to the flour mixture and mix well.
Add the raisin mixture and nuts, mix well and pour into baking pan.
Bake for 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in middle comes out clean.



Pour the half-and-half, dry milk, and milk into a large saucepan over low heat.
Cook until heated, stirring to dissolve the dry milk.
Stir in the peanut butter and sugar until smooth and sugar has dissolved.
Remove from heat, and stir in the vanilla.
Cool mixture, and refrigerate.
Stir the mixture, or blend in a blender before pouring into an ice cream maker.
Freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions.



Thaw and prep the chicken wings by cutting them into individual sections.
A great time saver for this is to buy frozen prepared wings from your local bulk supplier.
Combine wet and dry ingredients in a sauce pan and place over medium heat to help the sugar dissolve.
You need to stir this often so the sugar will not stick to the bottom of the pan.
Place wings in a 9x12 deep baking pan.
You will need approximately 1 pan per 5 pounds of wings.
You want to pack them tightly because they will shrink while cooking.
Evenly pour liquid over the wings.
Making sure they are covered as much as possible.
Either simmer on stove top for 1 1/2 hours or place in a preheated oven for 2 hours at 300 degrees.
Stir ever 15 to 20 minutes.
Wings are done with they become dark brown.



Discard the outer leaves of the heads of cabbage and cut them in halves or quarters.
Pack them in a 30-quart plastic barrel (the ones used for homemade beer and wine are perfect).
Measure the amount of water needed to cover the cabbage with a 1-inch margin.
Bring that amount of water (app.
12-14 quarts) to a boil together with the salt.
Let cool.
Dissolve the yoghurt in the water.
Add the water to the cabbage and cover.
Make sure that the cabbage stays underwater by means of a weight (e.g.
a plate and a (clean!)
brick.
Let ferment in 50-70F Bubbles, foam and even mold may form on the surface.
This is not dangerous, but has to be skimmed off regularly.
The cabbage will smell foul during the fermentation process, so ventilation is preferred if stored indoors.
Taste to desired acidity.
Time depends on temperature, but is usually 3-5 weeks.
Save a little of the liquid to use next time.
This will then serve as the start culture and replace the yoghurt.
Discard the rest of the water.
The sauerkraut should now be frozen to stop fermentation.



In blender at medium speed or in food processor with knife blade attached, blend apricot halves, sugar, oil, vinegar, salt, and cloves until smooth.
Pour into small bowl.



Stir all ingredients together until well combined.
Chill if desired or serve immediately with gingersnaps and/or pie crust cut-outs.
Note: to make pie crust cut-outs, make your own pie dough and roll it out to 1/8 thickness or purchase ready-made dough rounds.
Use mini cookie cutters to cut out fun shapes or simply cut the rolled-out dough into small, equal-sized squares.
Place shapes on a baking sheet and lightly brush the top of each cut-out with milk.
Sprinkle each one with a cinnamon/sugar mixture (go heavy or light on the sprinkling, its up to you).
Bake for approximately 8 to 10 minutes at 350 degrees.
Check them every minute after 8 minutes to make sure they dont get too brown.
The edges should be just lightly browned.
Slide cut-outs off the hot baking sheet onto a cooling rack.
Once cool, store them in an airtight container.
That is, IF you dont eat them all up right away with the dip!



Pre-heat oven to 200C/400F/Gas Mark 6.
Line a baking tray with parchment paper or greaseproof paper.
Put the yogurt, milk and sugar in a pan and warm until hand-hot, alternatively heat in a small bowl on low power for 40 seconds in the microwave.
The sugar should melt into the yogurt and milk.
Place the flour, baking powder, ginger powder and butter into a mixing bowl and rub the butter into the flour to make a breadcrumb texture.
Using a wooden spoon add the warmed yogurt mix and stir well to form a dough.
Dust the worktop with some flour and bring the dough together.
Gently roll out the dough to about 3cm thick and with a round 7cm cutter push out the scones.
Place the scones on the prepared tray with a good distance between them.
Re-shape the dough and cut again.
Brush each scone with a little milk and bake for 10-15 minutes until golden brown.
Cool on a wire rack and sandwich with a mixture of jam, whipped cream and cherry yogurt to serve.



Put all ingrediants into a bowl and mix together.
serve over toast.



place all ingredients in a bowl and mix until smooth.
if the icing is too thick/dry, add more corn syrup until the consistency is to your liking.



Note: Youll also need 7 to 8 half-pint jars with lids and rings.
1.
Prepare a boiling water canner that is tall enough to ensure you have at least 2 of water covering the top of your jars, plus space to allow for a hard boil without slopping over the rim.
Fill the canner with the appropriate amount of water and bring to a boil while you proceed with the next steps.
2.
Combine all ingredients in a large pot over medium-high heat, stirring and mashing the mixture until the sugar dissolves.
(A potato masher works well for this.)
3.
Turn off heat.
Place a sieve over a large bowl.
Carefully pour the hot mixture through the sieve and into a bowl, pressing on the solids.
Set pot aside.
Remove pits from the sieve, reserving any fruit and skins left in the sieve.
Add reserved fruit mash into the bowl with the strained mixture.
Note: If youre lucky enough to own a food mill, simply run the mixture through the mill.
3.
Return the fruit mixture to the pot.
Bring it slowly to a boil, then cook rapidly to the gelling point and thickened.
Stir frequently as the jam thickens to prevent sticking or burning.
4.
Remove from heat.
Ladle hot jam into clean, hot jars.
For Ball or Kerr style jars, leave 1/4 inch headspace.
Wipe rims clean and top with hot lids.
Screw bands onto the jars just until finger tight.
For Weck jars, leave 1/2 inch headspace.
Wipe rims clean and top with glass lids to which youve already attached the rubber rings.
Clamp shut.
5.
Process jars in a boiling water canner (212 degrees F or 100 degrees C) for 15 minutes.
Remove jars immediately and set them upright on a clean towel or wooden surface, away from drafts.
Let jars sit undisturbed for 12 hours.
Carefully remove metal bands (Ball/Kerr) or clips (Weck).
Check for proper seals.
Label the jars and store in a cool, dry, dark place for up to a year.
Yield: 7 to 8 half-pints.



Preheat oven to 325F
Heat oil and butter in sauce pan on stove.
Add remaining ingredients except nuts and salt.
Blend well and simmer for 2-3 minutes.
Add nuts and toss to coat well and evenly.
Spread on baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes, shaking a couple times.
Salt the nuts.
Let cool.
Store in airtight container.



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9x9-inch baking pan with olive oil cooking spray.
Place salmon fillets in the pan in a single layer and sprinkle with chili powder.
Spray fillets lightly with cooking spray and bake, uncovered, for 35 minutes or the thickest part of fillet is translucent.
Meanwhile, mix pineapple, cantaloupe, red bell pepper, vinegar, cilantro, and red pepper flakes together in a small bowl.
Set aside.
Top each fillet with 1/2 cup salsa and serve.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In large skillet, melt butter over medium heat.
Add celery and onion and cook until tender, 2 to 4 minutes, adding mushrooms about halfway through.
Turn off heat.
Stir in the sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt and pepper, mixing thoroughly.
Stir in the cooked chicken (you can use the meat from leftovers, or bake/broil chicken breast just for this), coating well.
Spread into 1 1/2 quart casserole dish, and spread with the crushed potato chips.
Bake for 25-30 minutes at 350 degrees.
(I always make a double or triple batch when I take this somewhere.)



Yield: 1 1/2 lb loaf
Place ingredients in pan in order given by manufacturer.
Regular white cycle or possibly timer.
Medium crust.



With firm dulce de leche:.
Bring milk and cream just to a boil in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat.
Remove from heat and whisk in dulce de leche until dissolved.
Whisk in vanilla and transfer to a metal bowl.
Chill and churn in ice cream maker as directed.
With pourable dulce de leche (not cooked as long):
Mix milk and cream in large bowl.
Whisk in dulce de leche until thoroughly combined.
Transfer to ice cream maker and churn as directed.



Combine the milk, sugar and honey in a large saucepan, and bring to a simmer.
Remove from the heat, and stir until the sugar is completely dissolved.
Transfer to a bowl, and whisk in the remaining ingredients.
Allow to cool, then chill in the refrigerator.
Alternatively, set the bowl inside a bowl of ice water to chill quickly.
Place a bowl or a container in your freezer.
Freeze the pumpkin gelato mixture in an ice cream maker following the manufacturers instructions.
Scrape into the chilled bowl, and freeze for at least two hours before serving.
If making this dish ahead, allow to soften for 15 to 30 minutes in the refrigerator before serving.



Combine all ingredients in a 3-quart casserole; toss well.
Cover surface with plastic wrap; vent.
Microwave at HIGH 12 minutes or until tender, stirring every 3 minutes; let cool.Place apple mixture in a food processor; process until smooth.
Return apple mixture to casserole.
Cover with wax paper; microwave at HIGH 6 to 8 minutes, stirring every 3 minutes.
Cover and chill.



Mix cocoa, sugar and salt in saucepan.
Stir in water.
Heat to boiling, stirring constantly.
Boil and stir for 2 minutes.
Stir in milk.
Heat just until hot (do not boil).
Serve immediately with whipped cream, marshmallows or peppermint sticks.



Boil the garbanzo beans till very well done.
This could take up to 2 hours.
Drain the water, saving 2 cups for later.
Place the beans in a food processor.
Blend to a smooth consistency, adding the lemon juice and tahini a little at a time.
Add the roasted red peppers, onions, garlic and spices (don't forget the salt).
Check the thickness of the hummous.
If it's too thick for it to properly blend, then add a little garbanzo water at a time, until it's reached the thickness you prefer.
Transfer the hummus to a bowl.
Mix in the chopped parsley in with a wire whisk.
Taste and adjust seasoning.



Grind the seeds, nuts & coconut to a fine meal in a food processor.
Add the raisins & dates & process to a ball.
When pressing the mixture into a 9 1/2 inch, deep dish pie plate, the crust should be about 1/4" thick.
Flute the edges & the crust is ready to fill.



Combine all the ingredients in bowl.
Using a whisk, blend ingredients together - do not use a food processor as this will rob you of that wonderful chunky blue cheese texture.
Refrigerate at least one hour before serving.
Note: I recommend using Gorgonzola which is a reasonably priced, easily obtainable ivory colored Italian cheese with blue-green veins, made from whole cow's milk.
I buy the 7 ounce wedges which have a buttery texture and crumble it into the mixture by hand (messy but good).



Clean the fruit well; chop rhubarb, if using, into 1-inch pieces.
Place into a nonreactive saucepan and cover with 3 cups water.
Simmer over medium low heat until the fruit falls apart.
Remove from heat and strain juice through cheesecloth or a fine-meshed sieve; dispose of the pulp and seeds.
Return juice to heat, stir in sugar, and bring to a low boil; reduce heat to medium and add the dissolved corn starch liquid to thicken.
Stir the mixture constantly until it begins to gel to the consistency of a heavy syrup.
Remove from heat, pour into individual serving bowls, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least two hours
Serve chilled with either plain or whipped cream.



Brown the ground beef until cooked completely with no pink left.
Add the garlic and cook for one minute and then season with salt and pepper to taste.
Add ketchup, mustard, vinegar, and sugar and continue to cook down until all the flavors have melted together (about 15 minutes).
Serve on buns.



Mix together sugar, flour, baking soda, and salt.
Add mayonnaise and vanilla.
Mix together very well.
Shape into walnut sized balls.
(The dough will be crumbly).
Mash with a fork, sprinkle with sugar.
Bake 12 minutes in a 350 degree F (175 degrees C) oven.



Combine first 10 ingredients, stirring with a whisk.
Combine vinegar mixture and asparagus; toss well.
To serve: Cut the aspargus up into lengths and cook until tender crisp.
Drain.
Add the vinaigrette and chill.
Serve either chilled or at room temperature ~or~ roast the asparagus in a little olive oil for 10 minutes in a 450 oven.
Add the vinaigrette after 8 minutes cooking.
Shake the tray and cook for another 2 minutes.



1) Mix 2 cups all purpose or whole wheat flour with approximately 1 cup water and 1/4 tsp salt.
Knead gently, roll into a ball, and set in fridge for 2 hours.
2) Divide the dough into 10 pieces and, on a floury surface, roll out into 10 flattened discs.
3) Heat a cast iron skillet.
Rub down with a paper towel damp with olive oil.
Place 1 flat bread on skillet and wait until it begins to bubble, and flip.
You can encourage the bubbles and eventually get pockets throughout the entire bread!
Wipe down the skillet with a very conservative amount of olive oil every once in a while to prevent the flour from burning.



Melt chocolate over very low heat.
Add butter and melt.
Remove from heat and add hot water (or cream or coffee) and salt.
Gradually add vanilla, then confectioners' sugar until desired texture is reached.



1.
Combine first 3 ingredients in a saucepan; bring to a boil over medium-high heat.
Cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.
Remove from heat, and cool to room temperature.2.
Place sugar mixture in a blender or food processor.
Add melon, juice, and salt.
Process until smooth.
Pour melon mixture into a 13 x 9inch baking dish.
Cover and freeze 8 hours or until firm.
Scrape entire mixture with a fork until fluffy.
Store in an airtight container in freezer.



Preheat oven to 40.
In mixer combine flour, baking powder and salt.
With mixer on low speed, cut in butter until mixture is crumbly.
Slowly add buttermilk until mixture forms a dough.
Replace mixing blade with dough hook and allow dough to be kneaded on a low speed for 3-5 minutes (or knead by hand until all lumps are gone and dough is firm but elastic).
Sprinkle rolling board or table with flour.
With rolling pin, roll dough out to about 1/2 an inch thickness.
Using a biscuit cutter or the top of a glass (I use a beer pint glass) cut out as many biscuits as you can.
Place biscuits on a greased baking sheet.
Knead dough several times until you have an unbroken ball.
Roll out again to 1/2 an inch thickness, cut out biscuits.
Repeat as many times as necessary to use dough.
Bake for 12-15 minutes until top of biscuits are golden.



Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).
Cream butter or margarine in a bowl, gradually add confectioners' sugar and salt.
Beat until light and fluffy.
Add almonds and vanilla.
Blend in flour gradually and mix well.
Shape into balls (or crescents) using about 1 teaspoon for each cookie.
Place on ungreased cookie sheets, and bake for 15-20 min.
Do not brown.
Cool slightly, then roll in the extra confectioners' sugar.



Spray mold of your choice with non-stick cooking spray.
In food processor, combine cream cheese, corned beef, mustard, horseradish and mayonnaise.
Pulse until all ingredients are fully combined, then pour into mold.
Chill the mold least 6 hours.
To serve, unmold onto serving dish and line with crackers to serve.



Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Grease 9-inch round metal cake pan.
Prepare filling: In small bowl, combine 1/4 cup brown sugar with cinnamon; set aside.
To prepare topping: In 1-quart saucepan, heat honey, remaining 1/3 cup brown sugar, and 2 tablespoons butter on medium until mixture is blended and smooth, stirring occasionally.
Pour topping into prepared pan, and sprinkle evenly with pecans; set aside.
To prepare dough: In large bowl, combine flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
In small bowl, mix buttermilk and 5 tablespoons butter.
With spoon, stir buttermilk mixture into flour mixture just until liquid is absorbed.
Turn dough onto lightly floured surface, and knead 8 to 10 times or just until smooth, about 30 seconds.
Pat dough into 12" by 9" rectangle.
Brush dough with 1 tablespoon butter, then sprinkle with filling.
Starting at one short end, roll up dough jelly-roll fashion.
With seam side down, cut dough crosswise into 8 slices.
Place each slice, cut side down, on pecan mixture in cake pan; brush with remaining melted butter.
Bake buns 28 to 30 minutes or until golden.
Remove pan from oven.
Immediately place serving plate over top of pan and invert buns onto plate, allowing topping to run down sides.
Remove baking pan.
Cool buns slightly, about 10 minutes, to serve warm, or cool completely to serve later.
Wrap any leftovers in foil, and store at room temperature up to 3 days.



Combine nuts and raisins for a tasty trail mix.
Serve each person 1/4 of the mixture.
Serve a 4 fl oz (1/2 cup) glass of milk with each snack portion.



Combine everything in 3 quart or larger glass or ceramic casserole, or large microwave rice cooker.
Cover.
Microwave on High 10 minutes, then on half power 25 minutes, or until tender and liquid is absorbed.
Fluff with a fork and serve hot!



Heat grill to medium heat.
Fold 30-inch-long piece of heavy-duty foil crosswise in half; crimp edges to make rim around all sides.
Spray with cooking spray.
Spread nuts in single layer in foil pan; place on grate of grill.
Grill 6 to 8 min.
or until nuts are lightly toasted, stirring frequently.
Cool 5 min.



In a saucepan over low heat, melt chocolate; add peanut butter & mix until smooth.
Remove from heat, add cereal & stir until coated.
Pour powdered sugar into large plastic bag, add coated cereal and shake until well coated.
Store in airtight container.



In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt.
Mix in the sun-dried tomato pest until evenly distributed.
Add water 1 teaspoon at a time so that the mixture is just moist enough to form a ball.
Heat a large heavy skillet over medium heat.
Form the dough into a ball.
On a lightly floured surface, flatten the dough out to 1/4 inch thickness, or about as thick as a very thin pizza crust.
Place the flat dough into the preheated pan, and fry for about 3 to 4 minutes on each side.
When done, each side should have several browned spots.
Serve immediately, or store at room temperature.
It keeps very well.



Chop Baby Swiss finely in food processor.
Add mayonnaise, onion and pepper and process until smooth.
Stir in bacon by hand.
Spread in mini crock (or other decorative dish) and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving.
Serve with breadsticks, crackers, French bread, apple or pears, or raw vegetables.



Heat oven to 300 degrees F.
Mix sugar and pumpkin pie spice until blended.
Toss nuts with butter in large bowl.
Add sugar mixture; mix lightly.
Spread onto rimmed baking sheet sprayed with cooking spray.
Bake 18 to 20 min.
or until nuts are lightly toasted.
Spread onto large sheet of waxed paper; cool completely.



Whisk the egg yolks in a large bowl, gradually adding the 2/3 c. sugar.
Continue beating till the mix is creamy and pale yellow.
Bring the light cream to a boil in a saucepan and remove from the heat.
Gradually pour the cream into the egg yolk mix, whisking all the while to prevent curdling of the egg yolks.
Heat the bittersweet chocolate in a heavy saucepan and stir till smooth.
Pour into the custard mix and add in the cocoa.
Whisk to combine well.
Return the mix to the heavy saucepan and cook over medium heat till the custard coats the back of a wooden spoon.
Don't boil.
Combine the 2 Tbsp.
sugar with 2 tsp.
of water in a small saucepan.
Cook over medium - high heat till the mix forms a golden caramel.
Don't stir the sugar mix while it cooks, or possibly it may crystallize.
Be careful not to burn the caramel.
Pour the caramel into the chocolate custard and whisk well to incorporate.
Pour the custard into a large bowl and allow to cold to room temperature.
Place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
Then place in an ice cream maker and process according to the instructions for your machine or possibly freezer model.
Serves 6.



Mix the first 5 ingredients in a large bowl.
Put ribs in a pan and pour the sauce over the ribs.
Cover and refrigerate overnight.
Preheat over to 350F.
Put ribs on rack in the oven with foil on bottom of the oven.
Roast ribs for 1-1/2 hours, basting frequently.
Serve warm or at room temperature.



Add ingredients, in order listed.
Select dough cycle.
When cycle is complete, remove dough.
Divide into 12 equal portions.
Shape each portion into a ball.
Cover with a damp towel and let rest 10 minutes.
Grease a baking sheet.
Set aside.
On a floured surface, roll each ball of dough into 6-7 inch circles.
Place 2 circles of dough on prepared pan.
Bake 450 degrees, 2 minutes.
Turn over and bake 2 minutes longer.
Continue baking 2 at a time.



Lightly oil a 9- by 9-inch square pan, or a baking sheet.
In a small heavy-duty saucepan (about 2 quarts) mix together the maple syrup, sugar, cream, and corn syrup.
Fit a candy thermometer to the side of the pan and heat until the temperature reaches 236 degrees, tilting the pan to submerge the bulb, if necessary, to gauge the correct temperature.
Remove the pan from the heat and transfer the mixture into the metal bowl of a standing electric mixer.
Submerge the thermometer in the candy mixture until it has cooled to 110 degrees, which will take a while.
(tip: you can put the bottom of the bowl in ice water to speed up the process; but don't stir the mixture to cool it down).
When the temperature is 110 degrees, add the vanilla and beat the mixture until it just begins to thicken and loose its gloss.
Overmixing will make it grainy, so keep an eye on it.
Stir in the nuts and spread the mixture into the square pan or onto the baking sheet, forming it into a 9-inch square with your (clean) hands.
Allow to cool completely, then remove from the pan and cut into squares.
To remove it from a square pan, run a sharp knife around the inside of the pan to loosen it, then cut it in half.
Use a metal spatula to pry the candy loose a bit (it will be flexible).
Invert the pan a shake it to coax the maple cream candy out.



Line 8-inch-square baking pan with foil.
Combine Splenda Sugar Blend for Baking, evaporated milk, butter and salt in medium, heavy-duty saucepan.
Bring to a full rolling boil over medium heat, stirring constantly.
Boil, stirring constantly, for 4 to 5 minutes.
Remove from heat.
Stir in marshmallows, chips, nuts and vanilla extract.
Stir vigorously for 1 minute or until marshmallows are melted.
Pour into prepared baking pan; refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm.
Lift from pan; remove foil.
Cut into 25 pieces.
FOR MILK CHOCOLATE FUDGE:.
Substitute 1 3/4 cups (11.5-ounce package) Milk Chocolate chips for Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels.
FOR BUTTERSCOTCH FUDGE:.
Substitute 1 2/3 cups (11-ounce package) Butterscotch Flavored chips for Semi-Sweet Chocolate chips.
FOR PEANUTTY CHOCOLATE FUDGE:.
Substitute 1 2/3 cups (11-ounce package) Peanut Butter & Milk Chocolate chips for Semi-Sweet Chocolate chips and 1/2 cup chopped peanuts for pecans or walnuts.



Place half of the mushrooms in a 13x9x2" baking dish.
Dip chicken in egg substitute; roll in bread crumbs.
In a skillet, melt the margarine over medium heat.
Brown chicken on both sides; place on top of mushrooms.
Arrange remaining mushrooms over the chicken; top with cheese slices.
Add broth to pan.
Bake at 350 for 30-35 minutes.
While chicken is cooking, boil noodles according to package directions, omitting oil and salt.
Drain.
Serve chicken over hot noodles.



1.
In a blender container, add in the vinegar, water, olive oil, honey, mayo, prepared mustard, mustard powder, white pepper, and xanthan gum.
2.
Cover tightly and start blender on low; slowly increase speed to medium-high.
Blend for 12 minutes or until dressing thickens.
Careful not to over-blend and make it too airy.
3.
Store in the fridge.



In a large deep heavy skillet at least 12 inches across top heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and add spinach.
Cook spinach, covered, stirring occasionally, until wilted, about 3 minutes, and season with salt and pepper.



Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a large saucepan, frying pan or skillet over medium heat, add orange juice, light brown sugar, honey, and black pepper.
Stir gently and cook 23 minutes.
Add sliced carrots and gently stir.
Cover and bake 12 minutes or until fork-tender.
Transfer to a serving dish.
Garnish with fresh rosemary and serve.
Works well with ham or pork.



Heat oven to 400F.
Mix flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda and salt in medium bowl.
Cut in butter using pastry blender or 2 knives, until mixture looks like fine crumbs.
Stir in buttermilk so dough leaves sides of bowl and forms a ball.
Turn dough onto lightly floured surface.
Knead lightly 10 times.
Pat or roll into 7 inch circle on ungreased cookie sheet that has been sprinkled with cornmeal.
Score top into 8 wedges, cutting down halfway to the bottom.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until light brown.
Immediately remove from cookie sheet, carefully separate wedges.
Serve warm.



Preheat oven to 400F and position racks to top third and centre of the oven.
Sift flour, cream of tartar, baking powder, salt and pepper into a medium bowl.
Rub butter into the flour until the mixture looks like fine breadcrumbs.
Stir in prosciutto and cheese.
Add buttermilk and stir until the dough is moistened and begins to hold together.
Knead briefly in the bowl just to form a light dough.
(Light handling is the secret to great scones).
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface.
Pat out into 1/2 inch thickness.
Using a 21/2 inch round or heart shape cookie cutter, cut out scones and place 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets.
Brush tops of scones with the extra buttermilk.
Bake until well risen and golden brown, about 15-20 minutes.
Half way through baking, change positions of baking sheets from top to bottom.
Serve warm, with butter.



Combine the hot chocolate mix and oat flakes.
Add the water, stir, and microwave for approximately one minute on high.
Stir well, and add the peanut butter.
This will melt into the oatmeal as you continue to stir.
I eat it without adding milk, but that is up to you.



Line a 17-by 11-inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a bowl set over a saucepan of steaming, not boiling, water, melt white chocolate.
Add peanut butter, stirring until blended and creamy.
Pour onto prepared baking sheet.
Smooth with offset spatula to edges of baking sheet.
In same bowl, set over lightly simmering water, melt bittersweet chocolate.
Drizzle over white chocolate.
Using the tip of a knife, swirl chocolates to create a marble effect.
Refrigerate (this is an exception to the refrigeration rule) until firm, for 30 minutes.
Break into pieces.
Wrap carefully in plastic wrap and place in an airtight container and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.



Beat shortening until fluffy.
Add sugar and continue to beat until well combined.
Add the rest of the ingredients in order, beating well after each addition.
When the ingredients are well mixed, wrap the mixture in waxed paper and refrigerate for 1 hour to make the dough easier to handle.
On a floured board, roll out the dough until it is about an 18 inch thick.
Using a cookie cutter, cut into cookies and place on a cookie sheet.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes at 275F (140C).
Cool for a couple of minutes on the sheet and then remove to a wire rack to cool.



in saucepan heat oil over medium heat.
saute onions and garlic until soft
add remaining ingredients except tomato and heat through about 6 minutes.
just before serving toss in tomatoes and stir, cover and cook 3-5 minutes
enjoy.



put in plastic cups and freeze.
You may also use Strawberries,apples or fruit coctail(drained).
The servings will depend on what size cups you use, and the cooking time is freezing time.



Combine first 3 ingredients in a large bowl, stirring with a whisk.
Add corn and remaining ingredients, stirring to combine.
Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving.



Heat your grill to high.
Place the shrimp in a large bowl.
Toss the shrimp with the oil and season with the salt and pepper.
Place the shrimp on the grates of the grill in an even layer and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes.
Turn the shrimp over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 45 seconds to 1 minute longer.
Remove the shrimp to a platter.



Heat the cream on the stovetop until slightly warmer than room temperature.
(about 100 degrees with a thermometer).
Remove from heat and whisk in the sour cream.
Pour into a glass jar.
Place the lid on top of the jar but don't tighten it.
Put the jar in a warm room for at least 4 but up to 12 hours.
It will be thickened and you can use it then (especially if using as a sauce in a dish such as enchiladas), or refrigerate for another 4 to 12 hours to thicken even more.



Bring water to a boil.
Combine hot water and cherry jello, stir until dissolved.
Add creme de cacao.
Dispense into 1-ounce plastic cups.
Chill.



Dissolve sugar in water over medium heat, in a medium saucepan.
Increase heat to high and boil until syrup reaches 238 degrees F on candy thermometer.
Whip egg whites and salt in a large bowl using a stand mixer or hand mixer on 4th speed until stiff peaks form.
When syrup reaches 238 degrees F, reduce the mixer to the 3rd speed.
Slowly add the hot syrup to egg mixture, carefully pouring it down the side of the mixing bowl.
Continue mixing on 3rd speed until mixture reaches room temperature or put mixture in the refrigerator until cooled.
Once cooled, whip mixture on 3rd speed and add butter in small pieces, beating until smooth, then beat in the vanilla extract.
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant.
The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.



Combine granulated sugar and water in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring mixture until sugar dissolves.
Bring to a simmer; remove from heat.
(Do not boil or the cranberries may pop when added.)
Stir in cranberries; pour mixture into a bowl.
Cover and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight.
Drain cranberries in a colander over a bowl, reserving steeping liquid, if desired.
Place superfine sugar in a shallow dish.
Add the cranberries, rolling to coat with sugar.
Spread sugared cranberries in a single layer on a baking sheet; let stand at room temperature 1 hour or until dry.
Note: The steeping liquid clings to the berries and helps the sugar adhere.
Store in an airtight container in a cool place for up to a week.



Combine ingredients.
Store in an airtight container.



Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Lightly grease a baking sheet, or use parchment paper.
In a large bowl, combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, salt and cream of tartar.
Cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Mix in milk and vanilla.
Knead briefly on a floured surface.
Roll out into a large rectangle, 1/2 inch thick.
Spread softened butter onto surface of dough.
Mix together brown sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle evenly over butter.
Roll tightly, and cut into 12 equal slices.
Place on prepared baking sheet.
Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown.



Combine drained beans in a non-reactive bowl.
Add green pepper, green onion, and celery.
For the dressing, stream oil into vinegar and whisk to combine.
Add sugar, salt, and pepper.
Pour dressing over veggies and stir to blend.
Refrigerate over night before serving.



1.
Whisk together flour, salt, sugar, and yeast in a large bowl.
Add the water and mix until a shaggy mixture forms.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let it sit at room temperature for 12 to 18 hours.
After sitting, the dough will be sticky and sponge-like.
2.
Preheat oven to 450 F. Place a cast iron pot (use one with a lid) or Dutch oven into the oven and heat the pot for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, pour the dough onto a very heavily floured surface, flour your hands, and shape dough into a ball (without kneading).
Sprinkle on more flour as necessary so the dough holds its shape without expanding too much.
Drape the top of the dough with plastic wrap and let it rise until puffed, about 30 to 45 minutes.
3.
Remove the hot pot from the oven and drop in the dough.
Cut 3 slashes across the top of the dough with a sharp knife.
Cover the pot and bake the bread for 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes, remove the lid and bake an additional 15 minutes.
Remove the bread from the pot and place on a cooling rack to cool completely before slicing.
Recipe adapted slightly from Simply So Goods Recipe for Crusty Bread.



Stir all ingredients together in small bowl, adjust seasonings as necessary.



Line the bottom and sides of an 8-inch square pan with parchment paper.
Combine the sugar, water, corn syrup, and cream of tartar in a heavy 4-quart saucepan and put over high heat.
Stir occasionally until the sugar has dissolved.
Cover and continue to cook for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine the heavy cream and soy sauce in a liquid measuring cup.
Have this and the butter standing by.
Remove the lid from the sugar mixture, and attach a candy thermometer to the side of the pan.
When the sugar mixture reaches 230 degrees F, reduce the heat to medium and cook, without stirring, until the syrup is a golden color and is approaching 300 degrees F, about 6 to 7 minutes.
At this point, there is less likelihood of any crystallization, so gently swirl the pan to break up any hot pockets.
When the temperature approaches 350 degrees F, it will turn deep amber.
Remove the pan from the heat, and gently swirl again to break up all of the hot pockets.
Cool for 2 minutes.
Carefully incorporate the cream and soy mixture and the butter into the pan.
Stir to combine.
Return the caramel to medium heat, stir until the butter is completely melted, and continue cooking until it reaches 255 degrees F. Remove from the heat and pour into the parchment-lined pan, tap gently to release air bubbles.
Cool on a cooling rack for 30 minutes, and then sprinkle evenly with the salt.
Continue cooling on the rack for an additional 3 1/2 hours.
Cut into 1-inch pieces and wrap individually in parchment.
Store in an airtight container for up to a week.



Combine popcorn, pecans and chocolate in a large bowl.
In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium low heat.
Add marshmallows, stir constantly until marshmallows melt and mixture is smooth.
Pour over popcorn mixture, toss until well coated.
Dampen hands, shape mixture into 2 1/2 inch balls.
Cool completely on greased aluminum foil.
Wrap each popcorn ball in cellophane or plastic wrap.



In a bowl, combine apples, cranberries, shallots, vinegar, marmalade, salt and ground cardamom.
Cover and refrigerate for at least one hour.



This recipe makes about 1/4 cup of this chaat masala spice blend.
You can find it in Indian markets but it's just as easy to make your own blend with fresh ground spices.
Feel free to vary it according to your own tastes.
If you can find black salt (at an Indian market) sub out half the regular salt for 1/2 of the black salt.
Amchoor (dried mango powder) can be found in Indian markets or well stocked supermarkets and bulk stores.
Grind any whole spices in a pestle mortar or spice grinder (aka coffee grinder).
Mix all ingredients together thoroughly and store in an air tight container.
This spice blend works well sprinkled on potatoes, vegetables and fruit to jazz up the flavors instantly.



In a bowl, mix the olive oil, vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, salt, and pepper.
Place the spinach over boiling water in a pot fitted with a steamer basket, and steam 2 to 3 minutes, until wilted but not soggy.
Toss spinach in a bowl with the dressing, and sprinkle with pine nuts to serve.



Set oven to 250, butter baking dish.
Scald 2 cups of milk.
Pour over cornmeal and stir.
Add butter, stir till melted.
Add salt and molasses.
Add 2 cups cold milk, stir.
Pour into baking dish.
Place in oven for one hour.
Stir, add 1 cup milk, place back in oven for one hour.
Stir, add last cup of milk, stir, place in oven and bake for another 3 hours or until sort of "set" -- pudding will not be firm.
Enjoy with cream, half&half, vanilla ice cream.
*I am trying it in the crock pot for 6 hours on low.



Pour the coconut milk and water into a saucepan, and bring to a boil.
Add the chicken strips, and reduce heat to medium.
Simmer for about 3 minutes, just until the chicken is cooked through.
Stir in the ginger, fish sauce and lime juice.
Sprinkle in the green onions and cilantro, and serve.



Wash and peel carrots.
Wash again.
Cut carrots into 3 inch pieces.
Slice thicker ends in half lengthwise.
Combine brown sugar, water and orange juice in a saucepot.
Cook over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves.
Keep syrup hot.
Pack carrots tightly into hot jars, leaving 1-inch headspace.
Ladle hot syrup over carrots, leaving 1-inch headspace.
Remove air bubbles.
Adjust two-piece caps.
Process pints and quarts 30 minutes at 10 pounds pressure in a steam-pressure canner.



Measure carefully, placing all ingredients in bread machines pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer.
Select Basic/White cycle.
Use Medium or Light crust color.
Do not use delay cycles.
Remove baked bread from pan and cool on rack.
NOTE: This recipe is not recommended for 1 1/2 pound bread machines with cast-aluminum pans in horizontal-loaf.



Halve or quarter unpeeled potatoes to bite sized and boil till tender.
Drain and add margarine, garlic and parsley.
Mix throughly.
The potatoes will get mushy on the outside.
These are great fried the next morning.



In a large skillet, over medium-high heat, cook ground beef with onion until beef is no longer pink, about 4 minutes, drain off excess fat.
Return skillet to heat and stir in chili powder, salt and pepper until absorbed.
Stir in the tomato sauce and water; bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer 10-15 minutes or until thickened.
Eat on hamburger buns or rolls.



Bring ingredients to a boil.
Pour over already prepared dumpling (frozen).
Bake at 425 for 20 minutes, then 350 for 30 minutes.
I often add a bit of cream to the final product.



In a large sauce pot with a heavy bottom heat over medium high until it starts to boil, stirring consistently so as not to burn the bottom of the pot, about 10 minutes.
Line a strainer with three layers of cheesecloth; get string or rubber band ready.
Add buttermilk to the boiling milk solids should start to form "curds" and "whey".
It will look sort of like cooked egg whites suspended in a slightly thick yellowish liquid.
Remove from the heat and stir in salt.
Pour mixture though cheesecloth and let curds collect and whey drain off.
Run cold water over it so it's easy to handle and squeeze out whey until bundle feels firm.
Tie string or rubber band to close the cheesecloth and fasten to a wooden spoon and suspend over a bowl or pot to let drain for about an hour.



Proof yeast by mixing with 1Tablespoon honey and 1/4 cup warm water in a glass measuring cup.
Set aside and allow to stand until it bubbles up.
5-10 minutes.
If using instant yeast, skip this step and mix yeast in with dry ingredients.
In a large mixing bowl blend together water, salt, honey, oil and vitamin C powder.
Add 3 cups of the flour and the yeast mixture.
Mix thoroughly.
Add in as much of the remaining flour as you can stir in.
Then turn out onto a board and knead for 10 minutes until smooth and elastic.
Try not to add too much more than the 6 cups called for in the recipe.
Place dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover and let rise until doubled in size.
About 1-1/2 hours.
Punch down, divide in half and shape into two loaves.
Place in oiled pans, cover and let rise until doubled.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 35 to 45 minutes until golden brown.
Turn out of pans and let cool on a rack.
Enjoy!
You can also use 1/2 whole wheat flour and 1/2 unbleached flour if you prefer.



Mix all ingredients and chill.



PIE: Peel apples and slice into buttered 9" or possibly 10" glass pie plate.
Mix 1/2 c. sugar and cinnamon, add in apples, stirring sufficient to coat the slices with sugar.
Bake for 20 min in 375 degree oven while preparing the topping.
TOPPING: Cream butter and second half c. of sugar.
Add in beaten Large eggs, then sifted dry ingredients, vanilla and coconut.
Spread this completely over the top of warm apples.
Bake 30 min longer at 375 degrees till apples are tender and the crust is golden.
Cut into wedges.
Serve hot or possibly cool.
Whipped cream or possibly ice cream make a good addition.
Coconut gives the macaroon flavor, but dessert is equally good without it.
Cortlands or possibly McIntosh are best in this recipe.



Pour items together in a large bowl.
Stir until evenly mixed.
Store in sealed plastic bag.



Blanch basil in medium saucepan of boiling water 10 seconds.
Drain.
Rinse under cold water.
Pat basil dry with paper towels.
Transfer to blender.
Add oil; puree until smooth.
Transfer to small bowl.
Season with salt and pepper.
(Can be made 3 days ahead.
Cover and chill.
Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before using.)



Drain rice into sieve, and place in a pot.
Add water.
Bring it to a boil over medium-high heat.
When it starts boiling.
Reduce the heat to low.
Simmer for 15minutes.
Turn off the burner, and let it rest for 10minutes, covered.
DONT take off the lid.
After it has rested, take off the lid, and stir the rice lightly using rice paddle.
*.
*To do this, you need to cut through the rice with rice paddle and turn the rice from bottom to the top.
Dont break up the rice too much.
This idea is to stop it being one solid mass, but not separate as with long grain rice.



Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Sift flour, salt, baking soda, and cream of tartar into mixing bowl.
Rub in the lard with fingertips until mixture resembles crumbs.
Stir in raisins and candied orange peel.
Stir in milk, adding enough to make soft, slightly sticky dough.
Turn dough onto floured board and shape into round loaf about two inches thick.
Work dough lightly or it will be tough.
Turn loaf floured side up and set on lightly greased baking sheet.
Bake at 400 degrees until browned and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean (about 20 minutes).
Cool on a rack.
Just before serving, slice and spread with butter.
TIP: Lard gives more flavor, but shortening makes a lighter bread.



Line the pan with parchment paper.
Make it so that the paper sticks out about 1cm over the edges.
Cut a circle out of parchment paper to place in the bottom.
The photo shows it sticking out more than 1 cm, that's okay.
Wrap the cream cheese with plastic wrap and flatten it out.
Microwave for several seconds at a time to soften.
Don't microwave it so that it gets too hot and cooks!
Place Step 2 into a bowl and use a whisk to cream it.
Melt the butter in the microwave and add it to the cream cheese in 3 batches.
Combine well.
In a separate bowl, add the egg yolks and sifted cornstarch.
Mix together until it's no longer lumpy.
Soften the sour cream a tiny bit in the microwave.
Add to Step 4 and mix well.
Add in the milk and combine well.
Pour Step 5 bit by bit into Step 3 and combine it well.
Once it has been evenly combined, strain through a strainer 2-3 times.
While mixing the ingredients, scrape off any batter that sticks to the whisk and stir it in.
Make sure to combine everything evenly.
Also scrape off any batter from the edges of the bowl!
Add the egg whites and granulated sugar to a clean bowl and whip with a whisk until soft peaks form.
If you whip it too much, it will separate when baked, so be careful!
I recommend using a whisk because the possibility of over-mixing when using a hand mixer is quite high.
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 170C.
The egg whites should be whipped until it is thick and slowly flows back into the bowl when scooped up!
If it isn't held together and it drips into the bowl, it has been whipped too much.
Add 1/3 of the egg whites to Step 6.
Mix it in using cutting motions by scooping up from the bottom of the mixture.
Add the rest of the egg whites and combine with a rubber spatula equally while keeping the air bubbles intact.
After combining, the batter should leave marks that quickly disappear on the surface after being scooped up and dripped back in.
Pour Step 12 into the cake pan and gently shake to even out the surface.
Place the pan on a baking tray.
Pour water into the tray until about 2cm up the sides of the cake pan.
The cheesecake will be baked in this double boiler type setup.
Cover the bottom of the cake pan with aluminum foil or place it on stainless steel plate so that water doesn't leak in.
A plate about 1 size larger than the cake pan works well.
Place into the oven.
Lower the temperature to 150C and bake for 45-50 minutes.
Once it has turned golden brown and elastic, it's done.
Leave in the pan until it cools.
It will be soft so it falls apart easily.
Once cooled, remove from the pan with the parchment paper.
Cover with plastic wrap and let it chill in the refrigerator for 1 day.
This will allow the cake to settle and the flavors will blend together nicely!
You'll want to eat it but have patience!
I cover it with plastic wrap and then put it in a sealed Ziploc baggie to prevent the cake from absorbing the smells of the refrigerator.
Serve after a day or two.
If you need to freeze the leftovers, individually wrap each slice in plastic wrap, place in an airtight container and then store in the freezer.
You can thaw the slices out in the microwave.
Serve the cake frozen during the summer!!
It'll taste like cream cheese ice cream.
Compared to other recipes, this cheesecake may not be as fluffy or rise as much.
The texture should be right in the middle of baked and souffle cheesecakes.



Cook rice according to package directions.
Add cheese.
Mix until cheese is melted.
Add salsa.
Viola!
Enjoy!



Mix peanut butter, sugar and crushed pepper in small bowl until blended.
Stir in dressing and soy sauce.
Combine remaining ingredients in large bowl.
Add dressing mixture; toss to coat.



To make the dough:.
Combine all of the dough ingredients and mix and knead them togetherby hand, mixer or bread machinetill you've made a soft, smooth dough.
Allow the dough to rise, covered, for about 1 hour; it'll become puffy, but won't double in bulk.
While the dough is rising, lightly grease two 9" round cake pans.
To make the glaze:
In a small bowl, whisk together the syrup, rum (if you're using it) and melted butter.
Divide this glaze evenly between the pans (if you're using two pans).
Sprinkle the brown sugar) and pecans atop the glaze.
To shape the buns:.
Transfer the dough to a lightly greased work surface, and pat or roll it into a 16" x 12" rectangle.
I.
Its a nice, soft dough, and pats out easily.
Spread with the prepared cinnamon filling (or cinnamon-sugar), leaving an uncovered strip about 1" wide along one long end of the dough.
Roll the dough into a log the long way; itll stretch to about 20" long as you roll.
Using a serrated knife, slice the log into 16 slices.
In order to cut down on drag, it helps to rinse the blade in hot water, and wipe it off, between slices.
Space eight buns in each of the prepared pans.
Cover the pans, and let the buns rise for 60 to 90 minutes; they should spread out and touch one another.
Bake the sticky buns in a preheated 350F oven for about 25 minutes, tenting them lightly with aluminum foil after 15 minutes to prevent over-browning.
The finished buns will be a light golden brown, despite their aluminum foil cover.
Loosen the edges of the buns with a knife, then carefullythe sugar is hot!turn them out onto a rack or parchment-covered sheet pan to cool, scraping any glaze that may have stuck to the pan onto the warm buns.
Serve warm, or at room temperature.



Grease a 9x9 inch pan.
Place the chocolate chips and butter into a microwave safe bowl and melt completely.
Set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine all the remaining ingredients for the peanut butter base.
Mix until smooth.
The mixture will have a slightly sandy texture.
Dont worry about small lumps in the brown sugar.
Press evenly into the prepared pan.
Spread the melted chocolate mixture evenly over the base.
Allow to cool, but before they are completely cool, cut into 36 pieces.
If you wait too long the chocolate will crack unevenly rather than making nice squares.
Of course I just eat the ugly ones and make a new batch -- .



Cook green beans according to package directions.
Combine green beans, with remaining ingredients.
Mix well.
Serve hot with salt and pepper to taste.



Melt butter then add flour, salt and pepper.
Blend well.
Slowly add stock.
Bring to a boil and boil 2 minutes.
Add cream.



Mix all of the spices together in a jar.



Bring soy sauce and water to a boil.
Remove from heat and add beef base to taste - add more beef base depending on your salt taste.
Add the celery seed and black pepper.
Cover and set aside.
Just before using bring back to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer.



Set oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease a 15 x 10" baking pan.
In a small pan over low heat, melt butter.
In a large bowl, combine 2 cups flour, 2 cups oats, brown sugar, baking soda, and melted butter; mix until crumbly.
Press half of the mixture (about 2-1/2 cups) in the prepared baking pan; bake for 8 minutes.
Set aside the remaining crumbs.
In a small pan over medium heat, combine caramel topping and 1/2 cup flour; bring to a boil, stirring constantly; boil for 2-3 minutes, or until slightly thickened.
Spread the apples and the chopped nuts onto the baked crust.
Pour the hot caramel mixture evenly over apples and nuts; sprinkle reserved crumbly mixture evenly over the top of caramel.
Return pan to oven; bake for 20-25 minutes, or until golden brown.
Cool completely in the pan.
Cut into bars (refrigeration makes cutting easier).
Store tightly covered.



Combine cherries and sugar.
Heat slowly to boiling.
Stir frequently.
Boil 8 minutes.
Let stand overnight.
Pack without heating into sterilized jars.



In large skillet, melt butter.
Saute corn and onion in the butter for 5 minutes or until tender.
Add garlic and saute for 2 more minutes.
Stir in chives, salt and pepper.



Cook sugar, corn syrup and vinegar in heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly till sugar dissolves, 3 to 4 min.
Stop stirring and bring candy to boil and continue cooking without stirring till candy reaches hard-crack stage (300 to 310 degrees on candy thermometer), about 10 min.
Don't overcook.
Remove candy from heat and quickly stir in baking soda.
Pour into buttered 13- by 9-inch baking pan but don't spread (candy will not fill pan).
Let candy cold.
Heat chocolate in top of double boiler over simmering water and set aside to cold.
Break hardened candy into chunks and dip into melted chocolate.
Place on wax paper till hard, about 30 min, or possibly chill.
Store in airtight container.
This recipe yields 2 1/2 pounds.
Yield: 2 1/2 pounds



1.
Preheat the oven to 500F.
2.
On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out into a 10-inch round.
Transfer dough to a rimless baking sheet; brush with olive oil.
Scatter sliced onion over the top.
Bake until crust is golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes.
Let cool 5 minutes.
3.
Spread the Dill Cream over the top to within an inch of the edge.
Arrange the salmon to cover the surface entirely.
Use a pizza wheel to slice into 6 pieces.



Cream together potatoes, margarine, salt and vanilla.
Stir in powdered sugar.
Stir in coconut.
Drop by teaspoons onto wax paper.
Cool until set.



Toss all ingredients together and let marinate for an hour or two.



Combine ingredients in bread machine pan.
If desired, season with parsley, oregano, basil, rosemary, onion flakes, and garlic.
Set bread machine on dough cycle.
Roll dough to desired thickness, cover with favorite toppings, and bake at 375 degrees F for 30 minutes.



Mix all ingredients together and refrigerate over night.
Serve with seasonal fresh fruit.



In a small heavy skillet, combine the coriander, cumin, and peppercorns and toast over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant.
Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining spices.
Scrape the spices into a blender container or spice grinder and blend for at least 1 minute at high speed, until you have the finest-possible powder.
Let the mixture settle for about 30 seconds before removing the cover, so the fine powder does not fly into the air.
Use a dry pastry brush to press the powder through a strainer into a clean dry container.
Blend and strain the larger bits again.
Store in a tightly sealed jar away from light for up to 3 months.
Fiery Curry Powder.
Increase the peppercorns to 2 teaspoons and add 1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes after the spices are toasted.



Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside.
Pour popped popcorn into an extra large bowl.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, combine butter, brown sugar, corn syrup, molasses and pumpkin pie spice.
Bring mixture to a boil.
Boil for 4 minutes without stirring.
Remove pan from heat and stir in vanilla and baking soda.
Immediately pour caramel sauce over the popcorn and stir to evenly coat the popcorn.
If desired, stir in pecans.
Pour caramel corn onto prepared baking sheets and spread into an even layer with a rubber spatula.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes.
Allow caramel corn to cool completely.
Melt Ghirardelli Dark Melting Wafers according to package directions and drizzle candy coating over cooled caramel corn.
Allow candy coating to set and break caramel corn into pieces before serving.



In a large bowl mix all ingredients until well blended.
Shape in 1 inch balls.
Makes about 60.



In a medium saucepan, bring water, butter and bouillon to a boil; stir to dissolve bouillon.
Stir in remaining ingredients and return to a boil.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes until rice is tender.



Combine butter and sugar; cream till fluffy.
Add in egg nog, nutmeg, baking soda; mix well.
Add in sufficient flour to make stiff dough.
Roll into ball and chill.
Divide in half.
Roll out to 1/8 inch on floured surface.
Cut with cookie cutters.
Bake at 375 degrees on greased cookie sheet 6 - 8 min.
Can sprinkle with colored sugar.
Makes 9 dozen.



Put the flour into a small heatproof bowl.
Gradually add the milk 1 tablespoon at a time stirring well each time.
(If you add it all at once, it will make lumps.)
Microwave at 600 W for 30 seconds.
Stir well with a spoon.
Microwave again for 15 seconds and stir.
Microwave for another 15 seconds and mix again.
Once the mixture is thickened, add the butter, salt and pepper and mix.
Add the chopped shrimp and corn.
Divide the mixture into 2 muffin cups, sprinkle 1 teaspoon each cheese and bake in the toaster oven until the cheese melts.
Enjoy.



Mix well, pour into a large zip-type plastic bag, and add tofu or meat and seal.
Turn several times to make sure all of the tofu or meat is covered, then allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 8 to 12 hours ahead of cooking, turning a couple of times.
The tougher the meat, the longer you should marinate.
This recipe will handle approximately 6 steaks or 1 package of tofu.



Wash 1 cup rice thoroughly.
Soak for 45 minutes in 1 3/4 cup cold water.
Cook rice in covered pot until it start to boil.
Turn down heat to very low and cook for 35 minutes.
Turn off heat and let sit for 15 minutes.



In a clean jar with a lid, combine the cream and yogurt.
Close the lid, and shake vigorously for 1 minute.
Leave the jar out on the counter for about 1 day.
It should thicken up.
Chill in the refrigerator for 1 day before serving.



Mix chicken, rice and broth and set aside.
Melt butter and pour into a 1 1/2 quart round casserole dish.
Mix flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and milk and pour into casserole dish with butter.
Spoon chicken/rice mixture into center.
Bake at 350F for about 30 minutes.
Let stand 5 minutes before eating.



Mix the hot pepper sauce, soy sauce, and Worcestershire sauce together in a bowl; season to taste with salt and black pepper, and pour over steak of your choice.
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for a minimum of 30 minutes.



Combine all of the ingredients in a medium saucepan and bring to a gentle boil.
Reduce the heat to medium and let the sauce simmer for 10 minutes or so.
Reduce heat and set aside to cool.
When cool, place in a tight fitting jar and refrigerate until you're ready to use it.



Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.
Place pecans on foil-lined shallow baking pan.
Combine other ingredients and pour over pecans.
Stir well.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally during baking.
Drain on paper towels.
Store in air tight containers.



Place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well.
This makes 4 half-cup servings.



Place chicken in shallow baking pan, skin side up.
Combine butter, honey, mustard, salt, and curry powder and mix well.
Pour over chicken and bake at 350F (180C) F for 1 1/4 hour's basting every 15 min's.



Process all ingredients in a blender or food processor until smooth, stopping to scrape down sides.
Serve immediately.



Preheat oven to 250*.Pop 1 cup of popcorn -- (you should have about 6 quarts popped).
Butter a large roasting pan.
Combine the popped corn in the prepared pan.
Place in the oven while preparing the glaze.
Place red hot candies in a 2 cup measure and fill to the top with granulated sugar.
Boil red hot candy, sugar, butter, corn syrup and salt for 5 minutes.
Remove from the heat and add baking soda and oil --
Stir well and pour over popped corn, tossing quickly to distribute evenly.
Bake for 1 hour, stirring every 15 minutes.
Remove from oven, Using a metal spatula, free popcorn from the bottom of pan.
Let cool completely in the pan.
Break into clumps.
Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week.



Heat oven to 350*F.
Cream the butter and 1 cup of the powdered sugar in a large bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed until creamy.
Add the vanilla and rum extracts; blend well.
Reduce mixer speed to low and add the flour, nutmeg, and salt; beat just until combined.
(mixture will be dry and crumbly.
).
Stir in the pecans by hand.
Shape dough into 1" balls; space 1" apart on ungreased cookie sheets.
Bake 13-16 minutes, or until cookies are set.
Cool on wire racks 10 minutes; roll in remaining powdered sugar while cookies are still warm.



Use a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt.
Drop 1/2 cup of the shortening onto the flour mixture and cut the shortening until it crumbles.
Use a pastry cutter or fork or your clean hands, slowly pour the hot water into your bowl (flour with shortening mixture).
Stir using a wooden spoon until it sticks to itself.
If it looks dry and lacks moisture, add in 1 or 2 tbsp of shortening.
Add as needed.
Knead in the bowl until the bowl forms a ball and is not sticky anymore.
It shouldnt stick to the sides of your bowl.
Using a tea towel or a clean kitchen towel, cover and let the dough rest for an hour.
Break the dough into 14-16 smaller pieces and roll into balls.
Cover the dough balls for an additional 30 minutes.
Preheat a large non stick skillet.
Using a well floured surface and a well floured rolling pin, roll one dough ball at a time into a thin round shape.
Place the thin dough into the hot skillet.
You will know when it is ready to be flipped when the dough is bubbly on top.
Flip the tortilla and cook until golden.
Wrap the cooked tortilla in a clean tea towel or put in a tortilla container to keep it warm.
Serve with your favorite Mexican dish.



Top an tail the beans if required.
If you use baby beans then this step can be omitted.
Cook beans in boiling salted water, until cooked to your liking.
Strain and toss with olive oil and chopped parsley.



Preheat the oven to 325.
In a food processor, finely grind the nuts, then add the sugar and cinnamon.
Add the butter and process until moist clumps form.
Press into a tart pan with a removable bottom.
Bake until golden brown and firm to touch, 5-10 minutes (watch closely).
Transfer to a rack and allow to cool completely.
Bring the cream to a simmer in a heavy saucepan.
Remove from the heat.
Add the chocolate and stir until melted and smooth.
Pour the mixture into the crust.
Chill until set, about 1 hour.
Arrange the raspberries on top.
Stir the jam in a heavy small saucepan over low heat until melted.
Brush the melted jam over the raspberries.
Garnish with a little whipped cream, or shaved chocolate and a sprig of fresh mint if you would like.



clean chicken livers and cut into good size bites (usually in half).
cover chicken livers with bread crumbs.
cut bacon strips into sizes that will wrap around liver once with overlap enough to secure to liver with a toothpick.
place on baking sheet or broiler pan and bake at 350 until bacon is crisp or to your liking (45 - 60 min).
When bacon is to your liking, remove from oven and, while still hot, roll in or sprinkle with parmesan cheese.



Blend cream cheese and butter well
Add milk, cinnamon & vanilla blend
Mix sugar & cocoa together.
Add 1 cup at a time then blend until it's blended well



Rinse the beans in water, and remove any that float to the surface.
Soak the beans in plenty of water for 8 hours (they should swell up to 3 times their original size).
Put the beans in a small pan, add plenty of fresh water and cook over high heat.
When it comes to a boil, drain off the water, add fresh water, and bring to a boil again over high heat.
Repeat this process (bring to a boil, drain off the water, add fresh water) 3 times.
Put the beans and water in a small pan and bring to a boil over high heat again.
Skim off the scum once it comes to a boil.
Turn the heat down to low, cover with a lid and simmer for an hour and 30 minutes.
(Add water to the pan if it boils down too far.)
Once the beans are tender, turn off the heat.
Pour in water to reduce the temperature.
Drain the beans.
While still in the sieve, place the beans in a bowl filled with water.
Mash the beans with a spoon or similar utensil.
Discard any skins that can't be strained through the sieve.
Next, strain the mashed beans through the sieve while sprinkling a little water over them.
Line a sieve with a clean cheesecloth or muslin (or similar porous, unbleached clean cloth) and pour in the strained beans.
Squeeze the anko in the cloth to drain the moisture.
(This is fresh anko or "nama-an").
Put the nama-an in a small pan.
Add the sugar, and mix until it starts to turn watery.
Simmer over low heat for 20 minutes or so while constantly stirring and kneading it with a spatula.
Line a tray with a sheet of clean muslin or cheesecloth or a kitchen towel.
Place small portions of the koshi-an on the cloth and leave to cool.
When it has cooled down, it's done.



Clean asparagus; put in saucepan with 1 cup water.
Simmer 8 minutes.
Lay in buttered baking dish.
Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
Bake at 200 degrees 7 minutes.



Combine all ingredients then store in a sealed container.
Rub steak with marinade and let sit in cooler for at least one hour.
Steak can marinate for 24 hours in advance.
Roast steak off in 350' oven for about 15 minutes.
Steak will be cooked medium.



Slice each of 3 strawberries into 4 slices, and place a piece into twelve 8cl paper cups (or six 25cl cups).
Place the remaining strawberries in a food processor, with the cream cheese, and sugar.
Blend until smooth.
In a medium bowl, beat whipping cream with a hand mixer on high speed until soft peaks form.
Gently stir the cream into the strawberry mixture.
Spoon into the prepared cups, then gently tap them on the counter to remove any air bubbles.
Insert a wooden pop stick into the centre of each cup.
Place in the freezer for 4 hours, or until firm.
Remove the frozen pops from cups just before serving.
Recipe from Kraft Recipes.



You will needed 2 sauce pans: 1 medium and 1 large.
In the large pan, over medium heat, combine potatoes, celery, onion, carrots, salt, pepper, water and chicken stock.
Bring to a low boil and continue to boil for 12 minutes.
While the veggies are cooking, in the medium pant over medium heat, melt the butter, stiring in the flour.
Cook 3-5 minutes until the flour is dark blonde, slowly whisk in milk.
Keep whisking until warm and bubbly.
Stir in cheese and keep stiring until melted completely.
Remove from heat.
When the veggies are done cooking, DO NOT drain.
Stir in the cheese sauce.
Taste and adjust salt and pepper to your liking.
Notes: If you do not have chicken stock, use 1 cups water and 1 bouillon cube to replace the 1 cup of stock.
If you wan to make a fuller meal, add 2 cups diced cooked ham or smoked sausage.



Mix all ingredients in bowl.
Roll into balls.
Refrigerate.
Enjoy!!!
!



Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Combine rice and water; let stand 5 minutes.
Soon rice evenly onto center of each of 4 large sheets of heavy-duty aluminum foil.
Top with 1 chicken breast half; sprinkle with chili powder.
Drizzle evenly with dressing and top with cheese.
Make packets by folding top and sides of aluminum foil to seal.
Place in a single layer on a baking pan.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
Cut slits in foil with a sharp knife to release steam before opening.



Cook frozen spinach in a pot of water until it starts to boil.
Drain spinach and put in a round casserole dish.
Add the other ingredients and mix well.
Bake in the oven on 350 until the cheese is bubbling.
Enjoy.



Cook linguini according to package instructions.
Drain.
Rinse with cold water.
Put back in the pot or into a bowl.
Add butter, cheese, and lemon juice.
Mix well.
Garnish with basil and oregano.
Serve.



Blend together and drink for breakfast!



Slice tofu into 1/4 inch slices.
Combine remaining ingredients and whisk until well blended.
Marinate tofu 2-3 hours or over night.
Drain tofu and bake at 350F for 20 minutes.



Brown ground beef and onion.
Drain off fat.
Layer half of been and onion in 7x11 casserole.
Cover with sauerkraut
Top with remaining onion and beef mixture.
Put uncooked egg noodles on top.
Spread soups over noodles.
Bake 30 minutes at 350 degrees, covered.
Sprinkle cheese over top and bake an additional 30 minutes more.
I often double this recipe for a 9x13 pan.
Hint: Make sure you cover all your noodles with soup or they will be rock hard along the edges, bad for the teeth.
Zaar won't allow the correct descripton of the sauerkraut, it calls for a 1 pound 11 oz can so I just computed to get the recipe to take.



PREHEAT THE OVEN TO 250F.
Salt and pepper the pork ribs evenly and place in a baking dish and cook for 2 hours to render the fat and tenderize the meat.
Remove the ribs from the dish, drain the fat and set aside.
Heat a wok or large frying pan and add the oil.
Quickly add the shallots, scallions, ginger and garlic.
Stir-fry for 20 seconds and add the rest of the sauce ingredients.
Reduce the heat and simmer the sauce gently for 15 minutes.
Allow the sauce to cool.
(These steps can be done hours ahead or even the night before.)
When you are ready to cook the ribs, smear them with the barbecue sauce.
Make a charcoal fire and, when the coals are ash white, grill the ribs, basting with any remaining sauce.
Cook the ribs for 5-to-10 minutes on each side, depending on thickness.
Serve immediately.



Combine the butter and chocolate chips in a small bowl.
Microwave until butter has completely melted and chocolate chips are soft, opening the microwave and checking at an interval of 15 secs.
Stir vigorously.
Microwave for another 5 secs.
Dip pretzels, donuts, crackers, or cookies into chocolate mixture and set on a piece of plastic wrap with a flat plate/chopping board supporting it; if using dip on a cake, spread evenly on the surface with a rubber spatula.
Freeze food for 5 minutes or until chocolate hardens.
Serve!



Cook till done and pull apart.
Saute/fry: 1 lg.
onion, minced 3 tbsp.
vinegar 1 c. water 2 tbsp.
Worcestershire sauce 1 teaspoon salt 1 c. chili sauce 1 teaspoon brown sugar 1 teaspoon dry mustard 1/2 teaspoon pepper
Bake at 350 degrees for 20 min.
(Can cook stew beef in crock pot till done.
Cold, pull apart, and return to crock pot.
Add in sauce mix.
Cook on low for 5 to 6 hrs.)



Shake ingredients with cracked ice; strain into chilled cocktail glass or into a hurricane glass over ice.



Thaw the mango.
(I often cheat and use the microwave to speed up the process.
).
Puree thawed mango in the food processor until smooth.
Add salt, yogurt, and stevia powder, process until smooth.
Add water.
Mix to blend.
Serve as desired!
I like mine over ice with a straw.
:D Can be pre-made and stored in advance too.
It keeps for days and doesn't separate.



mash the avocado.
steam and puree the carrots down to 1/4 C.
warm the coconut oil until it melts.
add the avocado & carrot purees.
add sugar, cocoa powder, protein powder, and vanilla.
whisk until smooth.



Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.
Line your baking sheet with parchment paper {I had waxed and used it with good results} and set aside.
I used my Kitchen Aid with regular beater {but a hand beater would work just as well} and creamed together the butter with 1/2 cup of the sugar until lightly and fluffy, then mixed in the vanilla until smooth.
Add the almonds, potato chips and flour together and mix until a huge bowl of crumbly looking dough; it will be moist though.
Place the remaining 1/2 cup sugar in a small bowl.
Scoop a tablespoon-sized mound of dough and form it into a small ball with the palms of your hands.
Roll the ball in the remaining sugar until coated.
Place on prepared baking sheet and using the bottom of a drinking glass or measuring cup to slightly flatten the cookies.
Cookies only need to be an inch apart; they only spread a little.
Bake cookies until lightly golden at the edges, about 15 minutes.
Transfer to cool on a wire rack.
If dipping in chocolate, melt chocolate with butter, oil or shortening in a double boiler or in short bursts in the microwave {I do it this way-- 30 seconds, stir, repeat}.
Stir until smooth.
Dip half of each fully cooled cookie in the chocolate, and let dry and harden on a wire rack.
OMGoodness -- DELISH :).



In a skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat till it is warm but not smoking, in it brown the pork chops, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, and pour of the excess fat.
Add in the lowfat milk to the skillet, bring it to a simmer, and braise the pork chops, covered, over moderately low heat for 25 min, or possibly till they are tender.
(The lowfat milk will appear curdled.)
Transfer the chops to a plate and keep them hot, covered.
Stir
the cornstarch mix, stir it into the lowfat milk, and bring the sauce to a boil, stirring.
In a blender blend the sauce till it is smooth and stir in the dill.
Transfer the pork chops to 2 plates and pour the sauce over them.
Serves 2.



1.
Preheat the oven to 375F.
Spray a 13-by-9-inch baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray.
2.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the chicken, celery, almonds, salt, onion, pepper, lemon juice, mayonnaise, and cheese.
Place the mixture in the prepared baking dish.
Spread the crushed potato chips on top.
Bake for 20 minutes, or until bubbly.



Combine vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, mustard, and honey in a small bowl; stir with a whisk.
Slowly add oil, stirring constantly with a whisk until well blended.
Stir in chives, kosher salt, mustard seeds, and freshly ground black pepper.



Mix dressing, lime juice and honey.
Pour over chicken tenders.
Marinate for 1 hour.
Cook tenders in a non stick pan or grill until golden in color, but not dry.



Microwave milk in microwaveable mug on HIGH 1-1/2 min.
or until hot.
Add pudding mix; stir 2 min.
or until pudding mix is completely dissolved.
Stir in marshmallows.
Serve immediately.



Put soy in small bowl.
Whisk in ground mustard, ginger, garlic, and onion.
Add molasses and stir well.
Add oil and mix well.
Add meat and stir or mix to cover meat with marinade.
Cover and refrigerate.
Marinate shrimp 4-6 hours, other meats 4-24 hours, shaking or stirring four or more times to distribute marinade.
Grill or broil meat as desired.



Prepare popcorn using oil, as directed in your popper, or place oil in a large pot with a lid.
Add kernels and cover.
Place over medium to medium-high heat.
Shake occasionally to prevent burning.
When popping slows to 3-5 seconds between pops, remove pot from burner.
Allow to cool 1-2 minutes.
Meanwhile, bring cream and milk to a simmer.
Add the popcorn and simmer 10 minutes.
Pass through a fine-mesh sieve or chinois.
Add sugar, salt and extract and stir to dissolve.
Cover tightly and refrigerate 3-4 hours.
Pour base into ice cream freezer; freeze according to manufacturer instructions.
Transfer to a container which has been chilled in the freezer.
Place a layer of plastic wrap over the ice cream before covering tightly.
Freeze until hard, 2-4 hours, before serving.
For the sauce, place water and sugar in a medium-large saucepan over medium heat.
When sugar is dissolved, turn the heat up to medium-high and simmer about 10 minutes, until it turns amber.
Watch closely, as it can burn quickly.
When sufficiently brown, turn heat down to medium-low and add cream; it will bubble up, so use a large enough pot to prevent spillovers.
Off heat, stir in butter and salt.
Serve over buttered popcorn ice cream.



In a non-stick pan, combine all the ingredients together except for the mango pulp and mix well.
Bring the mixture to a boil.
Lower flame and allow to simmer for 10 minutes or until it thickens.
Allow the mixture to cool completely.
Stir in the mango pulp.
Pour the mixture into kulfi moulds or in a container.
Freeze until set.
Unmould and serve.
Enjoy this on a hot sunny day and you will feel a world of paradise in your mouth.



Heat the butter and lightly brown the onions.
Add the flour and brown again.
Gradually stir in water or beef stock and bring to a boil.
Add the tomato puree, salt pepper and sugar.
Skin the sausage, cut into big cubes, and add to sauce.
Simmer the sauce for a few more minutes until the flavours blend.
Serve with potatoes.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Combine flour, salt, baking soda and nutmeg.
Cream together the butter and sugar.
Blend in the sour cream; add dry ingredients.
Chill dough for 1 hour.
Roll to 1/2 inch thickness on a sugar and floured surface.
Cut with cookie cutter; bake on ungreased cookie sheet for 8-10 minutes.



Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with Silpat liners or parchment paper.
Set aside.
For the biscuits, mix the milk and Sriracha sauce until well blended.
Store in the refrigerator until ready to use.
Whisk the flour, cayenne pepper and garlic powder in a large bowl.
Add the cold butter and work with a pastry blender or 2 forks until the mixture resembles wet sand.
Pour in the milk/Sriracha mixture and stir just until the milk is absorbed.
Mix in the cheese, careful not to overmix.
Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead for 1-2 minutes until the dough is no longer sticky, using a little more flour as needed.
Roll into a circle about 1/2-inch thick.
Cut the biscuits to the desired shape and place on a Silpat-lined or parchment-lined baking sheet.
For the brushing mixture, in a small bowl, mix the milk and Sriracha together until blended.
Brush the tops of each biscuit with the mixture.
Bake in the prepared oven for 14-15 minutes, until the edges are golden brown.
Note: If you dont have cheddar, feel free to use any kind of cheese that you have on hand.



Combine all ingredients.
Whisk or blend until smooth.
Shake well before serving.
* - this is best after a day or two in the fridge to let the flavors meld.



Remove stems from mushrooms (save the stems).
Melt butter and add 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt.
Stir to dissolve.
Dip stemmed mushroom caps into butter mixture, taking care to not get butter into the stem reservoir.
Place on a cookie sheet and set aside.
Finely mince mushroom stems and shallots.
Add to a mixing bowl with remaining 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt.
Using a fork, mix with softened cream cheese.
Spoon cream cheese mixture into prepared mushrooms caps.
Broil until tops are golden brown.
Note: can be prepared a day ahead and stored covered in the refrigerator until ready to cook.



In a medium bowl combine all of the ingredients.
Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving.



Put half of the pumpkin-yogurt mixture into a mug or glass, top with 2 tablespoons granola, 1 tablespoon raisins and 2 teaspoons chopped cashews.
Pour on remaining yogurt mixture and top with another 2 tablespoons granola, 1 tablespoon raisins and 2 teaspoons chopped cashews.
NUTRIENT TOTALS.
Calories: 455.4.
Protein: 20.7 g.
Carbohydrate: 68 g.
Dietary Fiber: 6.357 g.
Total Sugars: 21.9 g.
Total Fat: 13.7 g.
Saturated Fat: 2.825 g.
Cholesterol: 4.41 mg.
Total Omega-3 FA: .027 g.
Calcium: 552.2 mg.
Iron: 3.727 mg.
Sodium: 199.5 mg.
Vitamin D: 0 mcg.
Folate: 71.2 mcg.
Folic Acid: 0 mcg.



Blanch the almonds 1 1/2 minutes in boiling water; drain.
Plunge into cold water, then slip off the skins.
Spread the almonds out on several thicknesses of paper toweling and pat dry.
Transfer to fresh paper toweling and let dry 24 hours.
Heat the oil in a 10-inch iron skillet over moderate heat about 2 minutes or until an almond, dropped into the oil, sizzles gently.
Add half of the almonds to the oil and saute, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the color of light caramel.
Dump the almonds into a colander set over a heatproof bowl; shake to drain off as much oil as possible, then drain on paper toweling.
Return the oil to the skillet and fry and drain the remaining almonds the same way.
Sprinkle with salt and cayenne and toss well; store in an airtight canister.
Note: the sauteeing oil can be used to dress vegetables or salads.



Mix the pink grapefruit juice with the vodka and simple syrup.
Place the grapefruit mixture into an ice cream machine or a sorbet maker, and freeze according to the manufacturers directions.
Serve at once or transfer to a freezer container and freeze until ready to serve.
Place the sorbet in the refrigerator for 15 minutes before serving to allow it to soften slightly.
To serve, hollow out 2 grapefruit halves and divide half the strawberry slices evenly among the halves.
Scoop the sorbet over the strawberries, then cover with the remaining berries.



Preheat oven to 350F.
Combine oil, sugar, vanilla & vinegar in a large bowl- stir.
In a separate bowl, combine remaining dry ingredients (flour, baking soda, salt, cocoa powder).
Combine wet and dry ingredients, then add water.
(Add 1/2 cup water, mix, then add the rest of the water).
Electric-mix (if you have one) until lumps fade.
Bake cupcakes for 15-20 minutes.
Frost with your fave icing.
They have a very neutral taste.



Bring the butter to room temperature and whisk until it has a cream-like consistency.
Add the sugar and mix.
Add the maple syrup and mix well.
Add the almond powder and milk.
Break the walnuts up as finely as you can.
If the pieces are too big, it will be difficult to squeeze out the dough later.
Add the walnuts and sifted flour and mix with a rubber spatula.
Squeeze portions of the dough onto a baking tray lined with baking paper and bake for 15 minutes in an oven pre-heated to 180C (356 Fahrenheit).
These are the basic cookies on which this recipe is based.
They are tasty even without the walnuts.



Preheat oven to 450.
Grease cookie sheet with cooking spray.
In large bowl, mix flour, baking powder and salt.
Stir in whipping cream just til blended and a dough forms.
(Add 1 to 2 T additional whipping cream if dough is very thick.
).
Drop dough by spoonfuls onto cookie sheet.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes or til bottoms are golden brown.
Immediately remove from cookie sheet and serve warm.



Place ribs in 13x9-inch disposable aluminum pan.
Mix dressing, sugar and spices until blended; pour over ribs.
Cover with foil.
Refrigerate overnight to marinate.
Heat grill to medium heat.
Place ribs (in pan) on grill grate.
Grill 1-1/2 hours or until done.
Transfer ribs from pan to grill grate; discard pan and drippings.
Reduce heat to low.
Grill ribs 20 min., turning and brushing occasionally with barbecue sauce.



Mix all ingredients.
Let rest for 6 to 8 hours to ferment.
(Cover bowl and leave on counter.)
Using a small non-stick frying pan, ladle about 1/4 cup of batter into the pan, and thinly spread.
Bubbles will form immediately.
Do not turn until the cake has dried out a little.
Loosen gently and turn to cook on other side.
The first side takes about 1 1/2 minutes, the other side about 1 minute at medium temperature.
Serve with a bean mixture spooned over them, or use like a crepe.



Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine the popcorn, cereal, pretzels and pecans.
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the brown sugar, butter and corn syrup.
Cook and stir until mixture comes to a boil.
Reduce heat to medium low; cook without stirring for 5 minutes.
Remove saucepan from heat and stir in vanilla and baking soda.
Pour over popcorn mixture and toss until evenly coated.
Bake at 300 degrees F (150 degrees F) for 30 minutes, stirring after 15 minutes.
Transfer to large piece of parchment paper and cool completely.
Break into chunks once cool.



Combine all of the ingredients except the chives in a blender and puree until smooth.
Stir in the chives.



In a small sauce pan, heat the sugar, butter, and corn syrup.
Add in the popcorn and peanuts and stir till proportionately coated.
Pour the coated popcorn onto a cookie sheet and spread out proportionately on the sheet.
Bake in the oven at 250



Mix with whisk, blender, mixer, or food processor and refrigerate overnight!
Use just like peanut butter.



Lightly roast the cumin seeds and coriander seeds in a dry small skillet for 1 to 2 minutes until just fragrant.
Place the spices in a spice grinder and grind until a smooth powder is formed.
Store in an airtight jar and use as needed.



Mix the pureed peaches, barbecue sauce, mustard and honey in a small bowl.
Thats it!
Perfect for grilled poultry, pork, tofu, shrimp, a meaty fish such as salmon, swordfish, or mahi-mahi.
Notes: If you dont have a food processor to puree the peaches, then mince the peaches with a knife, then mash them with a fork.
This sauce is also great made with mangos, nectarines or apricots.



Place the milk, ice cubes, berries and sugar in a blender: blend until smooth.
Adjust the sugar amount to taste.



Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Mix dry ingredients.
Quickly stir in cream.
Add more if necessary- dough should be soft, slightly sticky but manageable.
Turn out on lightly floured board.
Work into smooth round.
Pat or gently roll into rectangle.
Fold dough over 4 times.
Pat or roll into rectangle again.
(this makes biscuits flaky and easy to seperate into layers).
Dough should be about 1/2" thick.
Cut with round cookie cutter or biscuit cutter.
Place on greased baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes or until lightly browned.
Serve with strawberry Jam or Canadian honey.
Yields 10-12 biscuits.



In small bowl, whisk togheter vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt and pepper.
Gradually whisk in oil.
Cover sun-dried tomatoes with boiling water and let stand for 5 minutes.
Drain and add to dressing.
Stir in oregano.



Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place nuts in bowl of a food processor; pulse until ground into a meal.
Add Splenda, butter and cocoa powder (optional) pulse to combine.
Transfer nut mixture to a 9" springform pan and gently press to form a crust on bottom of pan.
Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes Remove from oven and cool.
Fill with your favorite lowcarb cheesecake batter and bake according to cheesecake recipe directions.



Stir together the high-gluten flour, whole-wheat flour, sugar (if using), salt, powdered milk, and yeast in a 4-quart mixing bowl (or in the bowl of an electric mixer).
Add the shortening, honey (if using), and water.
Stir (or mix on low speed with the paddle attachment) until the ingredients form a ball.
If there is still flour in the bottom of the bowl, dribble in additional water.
The dough should feel soft and supple.
It is better for it to be a little too soft than to be too stiff and tough.
Sprinkle high-gluten or whole-wheat flour on the counter, transfer the dough to the counter, and begin kneading (or mix on medium speed with the dough hook).
Add more flour if needed to make a firm, supple dough that is slightly tacky but not sticky.
Kneading should take about 10 minutes (6 minutes by machine).
The dough should pass the windowpane test (page 58)and register 77 to 81F.
Lightly oil a large bowl and transfer the dough to the bowl, rolling it around to coat it with oil.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap.
Ferment at room temperature for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until the dough doubles in size.
Remove the dough from the bowl and press it by hand into a rectangle about 3/4 inch thick, 6 inches wide, and 8 to 10 inches long.
Form it into a loaf, as shown on page 81.
Place the loaf in a lightly oiled 8 1/2 by 4 1/2-inch bread pan.
Mist the top with spray oil and loosely cover with plastic wrap.
Proof at room temperature for approximately 90 minutes, or until the dough crests above the lip of the pan.
Preheat the oven to 350F with the oven rack on the middle shelf.
Place the bread pan on a sheet pan and bake for 30 minutes.
Rotate the pan 180 degrees for even baking and continue baking for 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the oven.
The finished loaf should register 190F in the center, be golden brown on the top and the sides, and sound hollow when thumped on the bottom.
When the bread is finished baking, remove it immediately from the loaf pan and cool it on a rack for at least 1 hour, preferably 2 hours, before slicing or serving.
Enriched, standard dough; direct method; commercial yeast
10 to 15 minutes mixing; 3 1/2 hours fermentation, shaping, and proofing; 45 to 60 minutes baking
This is one formula that is not greatly improved by the preferment or sponge technique.
Because it is made by the direct dough method, though, this formula is especially good for bread machines.
Light Wheat Bread %
High-gluten flour: 62.5%
Whole-wheat flour: 37.5%
Sugar: 4.2%
Salt: 2.1%
Powdered milk (DMS): 5.6%
Instant yeast: .94%
Shortening: 5.6%
Water: 55.6%
Total: 174%



Set a coffee filter basket, lined with a filter, in a strainer, over a bowl.
Pour the cream almost to the top of the filter.
Refrigerate for 2 hours.
The whey will sink to the bottom passing through the filter leaving a ring of clotted cream.
Scrape this down with a rubber spatula and repeat every couple of hours until the mass reaches the consistency of soft cream cheese.



Ice (shake) // rocks or possibly blended // frzn



Combine all ingredients, stirring until thoroughly mixed.
Chill until ready to serve.



Preheat oven to 450F.
Grease a 12 inch pan.
Dissolve yeast in a large mixing bowl with water.
Stir in sugar, salt, and oil.
Add flour and beat with a wooden spoon.
On a lightly floured surface, such as wax paper, knead dough until smooth.
Pat out dough in pizza pan, form ridge along edge.
Mix oregano and pepper with sauce.
Spread sauce over dough.
Sprinkle cheese on top of sauce.
Arrange any extra toppings at this point.
Bake until cheese bubbles.
Oven times vary by topping and amount of cheese.



In a blender, puree the tofu to a smooth paste.
Add the melted chocolate and blend thoroughly.
Pour the mousse into six individual bowls and chill.



Preheat oven to 375F.
Beat butter, brown sugar and sugar together until fluffy.
Add Flour, 1 cup coconut and oatmeal; mix together.
Set aside 1 cup of dough.
Press remaining dough evenly over the bottom of a 9x13-inch pan.
Spread raspberry over the dough.
Crumble remaining dough over raspberry.
Sprinkle 1 cup coconut over the dough.
Bake for 25 minutes.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely.
Cut into squares and serve.



Add all ingredients into a blender and combine 2 minutes.
Serve in a chilled glass and enjoy!



